https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Audio.git|Arduino|Audio
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/AudioZero.git|Arduino|AudioZero
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Bridge.git|Arduino,Retired|Bridge
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Esplora.git|Arduino,Retired|Esplora
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Ethernet.git|Arduino|Ethernet
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/GSM.git|Arduino,Retired|GSM
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/LiquidCrystal.git|Arduino|LiquidCrystal
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Robot_Control.git|Arduino,Retired|Robot Control
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/RobotIRremote.git|Arduino,Retired|Robot IR Remote
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Robot_Motor.git|Arduino,Retired|Robot Motor
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/RTCZero.git|Arduino|RTCZero
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Scheduler.git|Arduino|Scheduler
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/SD.git|Arduino|SD
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Servo.git|Arduino|Servo
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/SpacebrewYun.git|Arduino,Retired|SpacebrewYun
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Stepper.git|Arduino|Stepper
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/TFT.git|Arduino,Retired|TFT
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/USBHost.git|Arduino|USBHost
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/WiFi.git|Arduino,Retired|WiFi
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/WiFi101.git|Arduino|WiFi101
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/WiFi101OTA.git|Arduino|WiFi101OTA
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/SigFox.git|Arduino|Arduino SigFox for MKRFox1200
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoLowPower.git|Arduino|Arduino Low Power
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Mouse.git|Arduino|Mouse
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Keyboard.git|Arduino|Keyboard
https://github.com/firmata/arduino.git|Arduino|Firmata
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/AudioFrequencyMeter.git|Arduino|AudioFrequencyMeter
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/MadgwickAHRS.git|Arduino|Madgwick
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/MIDIUSB.git|Arduino|MIDIUSB
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/NTPClient.git|Arduino|NTPClient
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoHttpClient.git|Arduino|ArduinoHttpClient
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoSound.git|Arduino|ArduinoSound
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoMDNS.git|Arduino|ArduinoMDNS
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/MKRGSM.git|Arduino|MKRGSM
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/MKRWAN.git|Arduino|MKRWAN
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/MKRWAN_v2.git|Arduino|MKRWAN_v2
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/MKRMotorCarrier.git|Arduino,Retired|MKRMotorCarrier
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoMotorCarrier.git|Arduino|ArduinoMotorCarrier
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/BNO055.git|Arduino|BNO055
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/WiFiNINA.git|Arduino|WiFiNINA
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoECCX08.git|Arduino|ArduinoECCX08
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoBearSSL.git|Arduino|ArduinoBearSSL
https://github.com/arduino/EduIntro.git|Arduino|EduIntro
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoRS485.git|Arduino|ArduinoRS485
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoDMX.git|Arduino|ArduinoDMX
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoModbus.git|Arduino|ArduinoModbus
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoBLE.git|Arduino|ArduinoBLE
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/MKRNB.git|Arduino|MKRNB
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoMqttClient.git|Arduino|ArduinoMqttClient
https://github.com/arduino/ArduinoCloudProviderExamples.git|Arduino|Arduino Cloud Provider Examples
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/MKRIMU.git|Arduino|MKRIMU
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoCloudThing.git|Arduino,Retired|ArduinoCloudThing
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoIoTCloud.git|Arduino|ArduinoIoTCloud
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoIoTCloudBearSSL.git|Arduino,Retired|ArduinoIoTCloudBearSSL
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_JSON.git|Arduino|Arduino_JSON
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_MKRENV.git|Arduino|Arduino_MKRENV
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoGraphics.git|Arduino|ArduinoGraphics
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_MKRRGB.git|Arduino|Arduino_MKRRGB
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_MKRTHERM.git|Arduino|Arduino_MKRTHERM
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/PhysicsLabFirmware.git|Arduino,Retired|PhysicsLabFirmware
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/CTC-Go-Core-Module.git|Arduino|CTC GO CORE
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_MKRGPS.git|Arduino|Arduino_MKRGPS
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_OAuth.git|Arduino|Arduino_OAuth
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_DebugUtils.git|Arduino|Arduino_DebugUtils
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_ConnectionHandler.git|Arduino|Arduino_ConnectionHandler
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_LSM6DS3.git|Arduino|Arduino_LSM6DS3
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_LSM9DS1.git|Arduino|Arduino_LSM9DS1
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_HTS221.git|Arduino|Arduino_HTS221
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_LPS22HB.git|Arduino|Arduino_LPS22HB
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_APDS9960.git|Arduino|Arduino_APDS9960
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_CRC32.git|Arduino,Retired|Arduino_CRC32
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_KNN.git|Arduino,Retired|Arduino_KNN
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_OV767X.git|Arduino|Arduino_OV767X
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_BQ24195.git|Arduino|Arduino_BQ24195
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_MKRIoTCarrier.git|Arduino|Arduino_MKRIoTCarrier
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_MCHPTouch.git|Arduino|Arduino_MCHPTouch
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_ScienceJournal.git|Arduino|Arduino_ScienceJournal
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_SensorKit.git|Arduino|Arduino_Sensorkit
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_AVRSTL.git|Arduino,Retired|Arduino_AVRSTL
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Portenta_OTA.git|Arduino|Arduino_Portenta_OTA
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Pro_Tutorials.git|Arduino|Arduino_Pro_Tutorials
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_EdgeControl.git|Arduino|Arduino_EdgeControl
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_NineAxesMotion.git|Arduino|Arduino_NineAxesMotion
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_MachineControl.git|Arduino,Retired|Arduino_MachineControl
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_LSM6DSOX.git|Arduino|Arduino_LSM6DSOX
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_CMSIS-DSP.git|Arduino|Arduino_CMSIS-DSP
https://github.com/vidor-libraries/VidorGraphics.git|Arduino|VidorGraphics
https://github.com/vidor-libraries/VidorPeripherals.git|Arduino|VidorPeripherals
https://github.com/vidor-libraries/VidorBoot.git|Arduino|VidorBoot
https://github.com/vidor-libraries/USBBlaster.git|Arduino|USBBlaster
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Braccio.git|Arduino|Braccio
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Ciao.git|Arduino,Retired|Ciao
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/UnoWiFi-Developer-Edition-Lib.git|Arduino,Retired|Arduino Uno WiFi Dev Ed Library
https://github.com/arduino-org/arduino-library-lora-node-shield.git|Arduino,Retired|LoRa Node
https://github.com/cmaglie/FlashStorage.git|Contributed|FlashStorage
https://github.com/arduino-org/arduino-library-wifilink.git|Arduino,Retired|WiFi Link
https://github.com/arduinoverkstad/EducationShield.git|Contributed|EducationShield
https://github.com/ms-iot/virtual-shields-arduino.git|Retired|Windows Virtual Shields for Arduino
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Temboo.git|Arduino|Temboo
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ADS1X15.git|Contributed|Adafruit ADS1X15
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ADXL345.git|Contributed|Adafruit ADXL345
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AHRS.git|Contributed|Adafruit AHRS
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AM2315.git|Contributed|Adafruit AM2315
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BLEFirmata.git|Contributed|Adafruit BLEFirmata
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-BMP085-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit BMP085 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BMP085_Unified.git|Contributed|Adafruit BMP085 Unified
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BMP183_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit BMP183 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BMP183_Unified_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit BMP183 Unified Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CAP1188_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit CAP1188 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CC3000_Library.git|Retired|Adafruit CC3000 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_DotStar.git|Contributed|Adafruit DotStar
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_DRV2605_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit DRV2605 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ESP8266.git|Contributed|Adafruit ESP8266
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Fingerprint-Sensor-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit Fingerprint Sensor Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Flora-Pixel-Library.git|Retired|Adafruit Flora Pixel Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_FONA.git|Contributed|Adafruit FONA Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_FRAM_I2C.git|Contributed|Adafruit FRAM I2C
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_FRAM_SPI.git|Contributed|Adafruit FRAM SPI
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_FT6206_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit FT6206 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_GPS.git|Contributed|Adafruit GPS Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Graphic-VFD-Display-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit Graphic VFD Display Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_HDC1000_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit HDC1000 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_HMC5883_Unified.git|Contributed|Adafruit HMC5883 Unified
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_HTU21DF_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit HTU21DF Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_HX8357_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit HX8357 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ILI9341.git|Contributed|Adafruit ILI9341
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_INA219.git|Contributed|Adafruit INA219
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_L3GD20_U.git|Contributed|Adafruit L3GD20 U
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LED_Backpack.git|Contributed|Adafruit LED Backpack Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LSM303DLHC.git|Retired|Adafruit LSM303DLHC
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LSM9DS0_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit LSM9DS0 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-MAX31855-library.git|Contributed|Adafruit MAX31855 library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-MCP23008-library.git|Retired|Adafruit MCP23008 library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-MCP23017-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit MCP23017 Arduino Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MCP4725.git|Contributed|Adafruit MCP4725
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MCP9808_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit MCP9808 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MiniMLX90614.git|Retired|Adafruit MiniMLX90614
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-MLX90614-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit MLX90614 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MMA8451_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit MMA8451 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Motor-Shield-library.git|Retired|Adafruit Motor Shield library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Motor_Shield_V2_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit Motor Shield V2 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MPL115A2.git|Contributed|Adafruit MPL115A2
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MPL3115A2_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit MPL3115A2 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MPR121_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit MPR121
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_NeoMatrix.git|Contributed|Adafruit NeoMatrix
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_NeoPixel.git|Contributed|Adafruit NeoPixel
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_nRF8001.git|Contributed|Adafruit nRF8001
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-PCD8544-Nokia-5110-LCD-library.git|Contributed|Adafruit PCD8544 Nokia 5110 LCD library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-PN532.git|Contributed|Adafruit PN532
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-PS2-Trackpad.git|Contributed|Adafruit PS2 Trackpad
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-PWM-Servo-Driver-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit PWM Servo Driver Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_RA8875.git|Contributed|Adafruit RA8875
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-RGB-LCD-Shield-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit RGB LCD Shield Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SHARP_Memory_Display.git|Contributed|Adafruit SHARP Memory Display
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SI1145_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit SI1145 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Si4713-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit Si4713 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Si5351_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit Si5351 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SoftServo.git|Contributed|Adafruit SoftServo
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Soundboard_library.git|Contributed|Adafruit Soundboard library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SSD1306.git|Contributed|Adafruit SSD1306
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-SSD1331-OLED-Driver-Library-for-Arduino.git|Contributed|Adafruit SSD1331 OLED Driver Library for Arduino
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-SSD1351-library.git|Contributed|Adafruit SSD1351 library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-ST7735-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit ST7735 and ST7789 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_STMPE610.git|Contributed|Adafruit STMPE610
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TCS34725.git|Contributed|Adafruit TCS34725
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Thermal-Printer-Library.git|Retired|Adafruit Thermal Printer Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TiCoServo.git|Contributed|Adafruit TiCoServo
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TinyFlash.git|Retired|Adafruit TinyFlash
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TinyRGBLCDShield.git|Contributed|Adafruit TinyRGBLCDShield
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TLC5947.git|Contributed|Adafruit TLC5947
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TLC59711.git|Contributed|Adafruit TLC59711
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TMP006.git|Retired|Adafruit TMP006
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TMP007_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit TMP007 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-TPA2016-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit TPA2016 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Trellis_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit Trellis Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TSL2561.git|Contributed|Adafruit TSL2561
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TSL2591_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit TSL2591 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-VC0706-Serial-Camera-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit VC0706 Serial Camera Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VS1053_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit VS1053 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-WS2801-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit WS2801 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/CC3000_MDNS.git|Retired|CC3000 MDNS
https://github.com/adafruit/DHT-sensor-library.git|Contributed|DHT sensor library
https://github.com/adafruit/FifteenStep.git|Contributed|FifteenStep
https://github.com/adafruit/HL1606-LED-Strip.git|Contributed|HL1606 LED Strip
https://github.com/adafruit/HL1606-LED-Strip-PWM.git|Retired|HL1606 LED Strip PWM
https://github.com/adafruit/HT1632.git|Contributed|HT1632
https://github.com/adafruit/LPD6803-RGB-Pixels.git|Contributed|LPD6803 RGB Pixels
https://github.com/adafruit/LPD8806.git|Contributed|LPD8806
https://github.com/adafruit/MAX31850_DallasTemp.git|Contributed|MAX31850 DallasTemp
https://github.com/adafruit/MAX31850_OneWire.git|Contributed|MAX31850 OneWire
https://github.com/adafruit/MAX6675-library.git|Contributed|MAX6675 library
https://github.com/adafruit/Pro_Trinket_USB_Keyboard_Library.git|Contributed|Pro Trinket USB Keyboard Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Pro_Trinket_USB_Mouse.git|Contributed|Pro Trinket USB Mouse
https://github.com/adafruit/RGB-matrix-Panel.git|Contributed|RGB matrix Panel
https://github.com/adafruit/RTClib.git|Contributed|RTClib
https://github.com/adafruit/SPI_VFD.git|Contributed|SPI VFD
https://github.com/adafruit/TinyLiquidCrystal.git|Contributed|TinyLiquidCrystal
https://github.com/adafruit/TinyRTCLib.git|Contributed|TinyRTCLib
https://github.com/adafruit/TinyWireM.git|Contributed|TinyWireM
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-GFX-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit GFX Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Sensor.git|Contributed|Adafruit Unified Sensor
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BNO055.git|Contributed|Adafruit BNO055
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MQTT_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit MQTT Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SleepyDog.git|Contributed|Adafruit SleepyDog Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_IO_Arduino.git|Contributed|Adafruit IO Arduino
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BluefruitLE_nRF51.git|Contributed|Adafruit BluefruitLE nRF51
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_UNTZtrument.git|Contributed|Adafruit UNTZtrument
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SSD1325_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit SSD1325
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BME280_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit BME280 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BMP280_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit BMP280 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LIS3DH.git|Contributed|Adafruit LIS3DH
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SHT31.git|Contributed|Adafruit SHT31 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LiquidCrystal.git|Contributed|Adafruit LiquidCrystal
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CircuitPlayground.git|Contributed|Adafruit Circuit Playground
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MAX31865.git|Contributed|Adafruit MAX31865 library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MAX31856.git|Contributed|Adafruit MAX31856 library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_FXAS21002C.git|Contributed|Adafruit FXAS21002C
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_FXOS8700.git|Contributed|Adafruit FXOS8700
https://github.com/ameltech/sme-le51-868-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything SIGFOX LE51-868
https://github.com/ameltech/sme-nt3h1x01-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything NFC NT3H1101
https://github.com/ameltech/sme-vl6180x-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything VL6180X
https://github.com/ameltech/sme-hts221-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything HTS221
https://github.com/ameltech/sme-se868-a-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything SE868-AS
https://github.com/ameltech/sme-lsm9ds1-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything LSM9DS1
https://github.com/ameltech/sme-lps25h-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything LPS25H
https://github.com/ParsePlatform/Parse-SDK-Arduino.git|Contributed|Parse Arduino SDK
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/AltSoftSerial.git|Contributed|AltSoftSerial
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/CapacitiveSensor.git|Contributed|CapacitiveSensor
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/DmxSimple.git|Contributed|DmxSimple
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/DS1307RTC.git|Contributed|DS1307RTC
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/Encoder.git|Contributed|Encoder
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/FreqCount.git|Contributed|FreqCount
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/FreqMeasure.git|Contributed|FreqMeasure
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/FrequencyTimer2.git|Contributed|FrequencyTimer2
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/ILI9341_t3.git|Contributed|ILI9341_t3
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/MsTimer2.git|Contributed|MsTimer2
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/OctoWS2811.git|Contributed|OctoWS2811
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/OneWire.git|Contributed|OneWire
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/PS2Keyboard.git|Contributed|PS2Keyboard
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/PulsePosition.git|Contributed|PulsePosition
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/SerialFlash.git|Contributed|SerialFlash
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/TimeAlarms.git|Contributed|TimeAlarms
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/Time.git|Contributed|Time
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/TimerOne.git|Contributed|TimerOne
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/TimerThree.git|Contributed|TimerThree
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/Tlc5940.git|Contributed|Tlc5940
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/XPT2046_Touchscreen.git|Contributed|XPT2046_Touchscreen
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Graphic_LCD_Serial_Backpack_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Graphic LCD Serial Backpack
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Color_LCD_Shield_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Color LCD Shield
https://github.com/sparkfun/phant-arduino.git|Contributed|Phant
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Micro_OLED_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Micro OLED Breakout
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MicroView_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MicroView
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_VKey_Voltage_Keypad_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun VKey Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MPL3115A2_Breakout_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MPL3115A2 Altitude and Pressure Sensor Breakout
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_TLC5940_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun TLC5940
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MiniMoto_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MiniMoto
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MiniGen_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MiniGen
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MetaWatch_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MetaWatch
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ToF_Range_Finder-VL6180_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun VL6180 Sensor
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_T5403_Barometric_Sensor_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Sparkfun T5403 Barometric Sensor Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SX1509_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SX1509 IO Expander
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LSM9DS0_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LSM9DS0 Breakout
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LSM9DS1_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LSM9DS1 IMU
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_HTU21D_Breakout_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun HTU21D Humidity and Temperature Sensor Breakout
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MMA8452Q_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MMA8452Q Accelerometer
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MS5803-14BA_Breakout_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MS5803-14BA Pressure Sensor
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ISL29125_Breakout_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ISL29125 Breakout
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_APDS-9960_Sensor_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun APDS9960 RGB and Gesture Sensor
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AD5330_Breakout_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun AD5330
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Bar_Graph_Breakout_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Bar Graph Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MG2639_Cellular_Shield_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MG2639 CellShield
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Quadstepper_Motor_Driver_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Quadstepper Motor Driver
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ATSHA204_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ATSHA204 Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_TSL2561_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun TSL2561
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ZX_Distance_and_Gesture_Sensor_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ZX Distance and Gesture Sensor
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LSM6DS3_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LSM6DS3 Breakout
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LSM303C_6_DOF_IMU_Breakout_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LSM303C 6 DOF IMU Breakout
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Line_Follower_Array_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Line Follower Array
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BME280_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BME280
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MAX31855K_Thermocouple_Breakout_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MAX31855K Thermocouple Digitizer
https://github.com/256dpi/arduino-mqtt.git|Contributed|MQTT
https://github.com/4-20ma/ModbusMaster.git|Contributed|ModbusMaster
https://github.com/akafugu/FourLetterWord.git|Contributed|Akafugu Four Letter Word Library
https://github.com/akafugu/TWIDisplayLibrary.git|Contributed|Akafugu TWIDisplay Library
https://github.com/akafugu/TWIKeyboardLibrary.git|Contributed|Akafugu TWIKeyboard Library
https://github.com/akafugu/TWILiquidCrystalLibrary.git|Contributed|Akafugu TWILiquidCrystal Library
https://github.com/akafugu/WireRtcLibrary.git|Contributed|Akafugu WireRtc Library
https://github.com/amcewen/HttpClient.git|Contributed|HttpClient
https://github.com/arachnidlabs/tsunami-arduino.git|Contributed|Tsunami
https://github.com/Avamander/arduino-tvout.git|Contributed|TVout
https://github.com/awesomeshield/Awesome-Shield-Library.git|Contributed|Awesome
https://github.com/bblanchon/ArduinoJson.git|Contributed|ArduinoJson
https://github.com/bportaluri/ALA.git|Contributed|ALA
https://github.com/br3ttb/Arduino-PID-Library.git|Contributed|PID
https://github.com/carlosefr/pcd8544.git|Contributed|PCD8544
https://github.com/carlosefr/magstripelib.git|Contributed|MagStripe
https://github.com/Cheong2K/ble-sdk-arduino.git|Contributed|BLE SDK for Arduino
https://github.com/Chris--A/BitBool.git|Contributed|BitBool
https://github.com/Chris--A/Keypad.git|Contributed|Keypad
https://github.com/Chris--A/PrintEx.git|Contributed|PrintEx
https://github.com/Chris--A/SmallSetup.git|Contributed|SmallSetup
https://github.com/CytronTechnologies/Cytron_MP3Shield.git|Contributed|MP3Player
https://github.com/daitangio/sid-arduino-lib.git|Contributed|StereoSID
https://github.com/DaAwesomeP/arduino-cardinal.git|Contributed|Cardinal
https://github.com/exosite-garage/arduino_exosite_library.git|Contributed|Exosite
https://github.com/fenichelar/Pin.git|Contributed|Pin
https://github.com/felis/USB_Host_Shield_2.0.git|Contributed|USB Host Shield Library 2.0
https://github.com/freetronics/FTOLED.git|Contributed|FTOLED
https://github.com/freetronics/FTRGBLED.git|Contributed|FTRGBLED
https://github.com/freetronics/DMD2.git|Contributed|DMD2
https://github.com/freetronics/BaroSensor.git|Contributed|BaroLibrary
https://github.com/ghlawrence2000/UTFT_SdRaw.git|Contributed|UTFT_SdRaw
https://github.com/GreyGnome/EnableInterrupt.git|Contributed|EnableInterrupt
https://github.com/guglielmino/arduino-pushetta-lib.git|Contributed|Pushetta
https://github.com/Integreight/1Sheeld-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|OneSheeld
https://github.com/iobeam/iobeam-client-embedded.git|Contributed|Iobeam
https://github.com/ivanseidel/ArduinoThread.git|Contributed|ArduinoThread
https://github.com/ivanseidel/ArduinoSensors.git|Contributed|ArduinoSensors
https://github.com/ivanseidel/DueTimer.git|Contributed|DueTimer
https://github.com/ivanseidel/LinkedList.git|Contributed|LinkedList
https://github.com/ivanseidel/Gaussian.git|Contributed|Gaussian
https://github.com/jonblack/arduino-menusystem.git|Contributed|arduino-menusystem
https://github.com/jonblack/arduino-fsm.git|Contributed|arduino-fsm
https://github.com/marcoschwartz/aREST.git|Contributed|aREST
https://github.com/marcoschwartz/aREST_UI.git|Contributed|aREST UI
https://github.com/johnrickman/LiquidCrystal_I2C.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystal I2C
https://github.com/mathertel/DMXSerial.git|Contributed|DMXSerial
https://github.com/mathertel/DMXSerial2.git|Contributed|DMXSerial2
https://github.com/mathertel/Radio.git|Contributed|Radio
https://github.com/mathworks/thingspeak-arduino.git|Contributed|ThingSpeak
https://github.com/milesburton/Arduino-Temperature-Control-Library.git|Contributed|DallasTemperature
https://github.com/mirobot/mirobot-arduino.git|Contributed|Mirobot
https://github.com/mmurdoch/arduinounit.git|Contributed|ArduinoUnit
https://github.com/mrjimenez/JTAG.git|Contributed|JTAG
https://github.com/nullboundary/AtTouch.git|Contributed|AtTouch
https://github.com/nullboundary/SST25VF.git|Contributed|SST25VF
https://github.com/n0m1/Comp6DOF_n0m1.git|Contributed|Comp6DOF_n0m1
https://github.com/n0m1/MMA8453_n0m1.git|Contributed|MMA8453_n0m1
https://github.com/n0m1/Sleep_n0m1.git|Contributed|Sleep_n0m1
https://github.com/NicoHood/AnalogTouch.git|Contributed|AnalogTouch
https://github.com/NicoHood/MSGEQ7.git|Contributed|MSGEQ7
https://github.com/NicoHood/Nintendo.git|Contributed|Nintendo
https://github.com/NicoHood/PinChangeInterrupt.git|Contributed|PinChangeInterrupt
https://github.com/olikraus/Ucglib_Arduino.git|Contributed|Ucglib
https://github.com/olikraus/U8glib_Arduino.git|Contributed|U8glib
https://github.com/panStamp/thermistor.git|Contributed|THERMISTOR
https://github.com/panStamp/mma8652.git|Contributed|MMA8652
https://github.com/panStamp/sram.git|Contributed|SRAM
https://github.com/panStamp/swap.git|Contributed|SWAP
https://github.com/pfeerick/elapsedMillis.git|Contributed|elapsedMillis
https://github.com/pololu/amis-30543-arduino.git|Contributed|AMIS30543
https://github.com/pololu/apa102-arduino.git|Contributed|APA102
https://github.com/pololu/a-star-32u4-arduino-library.git|Contributed|AStar32U4
https://github.com/pololu/maestro-arduino.git|Contributed|PololuMaestro
https://github.com/pololu/zumo-32u4-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Zumo32U4
https://github.com/printoo/printoo_library.git|Contributed|Printoo_Library
https://github.com/RedBearLab/nRF8001.git|Contributed|RBL_nRF8001
https://github.com/ReefPOM/OSPOM.git|Contributed|Ospom
https://github.com/rlogiacco/AnalogButtons.git|Contributed|Analog Buttons
https://github.com/rlogiacco/MicroDebug.git|Contributed|MicroDebug
https://github.com/rlogiacco/VoltageReference.git|Contributed|Voltage Reference
https://github.com/robertgallup/BobaBlox.git|Contributed|BobaBlox
https://github.com/RoboCore/SerialRelay.git|Contributed|RoboCore - Serial Relay
https://github.com/Robopoly/Robopoly_PRismino.git|Contributed|Robopoly PRismino
https://github.com/Robopoly/Robopoly_Linear_Camera.git|Contributed|Robopoly Linear Camera
https://github.com/RoboTech-srl/EasyVR-Arduino.git|Contributed|EasyVR
https://github.com/sandeepmistry/arduino-BLEPeripheral.git|Contributed|BLEPeripheral
https://github.com/sandeepmistry/arduino-LoRa.git|Contributed|LoRa
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/GPRSbee.git|Contributed|GPRSbee
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/RTCTimer.git|Contributed|RTCTimer
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_BMP085.git|Contributed|Sodaq_BMP085
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_SHT2x.git|Contributed|Sodaq_SHT2x
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_DS3231.git|Contributed|Sodaq_DS3231
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_PcInt.git|Contributed|Sodaq_PcInt
https://github.com/souliss/souliss.git|Contributed|souliss
https://github.com/techwillsaveus/Gamer.git|Contributed|Gamer
https://github.com/techwillsaveus/GamerIR.git|Contributed|GamerIR
https://github.com/Testato/SoftwareWire.git|Contributed|SoftwareWire
https://github.com/thijse/Arduino-DCF77.git|Contributed|DCF77
https://github.com/thijse/Arduino-EEPROMEx.git|Contributed|EEPROMEx
https://github.com/thijse/Arduino-CmdMessenger.git|Contributed|CmdMessenger
https://github.com/thinger-io/Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|thinger.io
https://github.com/thomasfredericks/Bounce2.git|Contributed|Bounce2
https://github.com/thomasfredericks/Chrono.git|Contributed|Chrono
https://github.com/thomasklingbeil/SR04_Ultrasonic.git|Contributed|SR04_Ultrasonic
https://github.com/thotro/arduino-dw1000.git|Contributed|DW1000
https://github.com/TKJElectronics/KalmanFilter.git|Contributed|Kalman Filter Library
https://github.com/wayoda/LedControl.git|Contributed|LedControl
https://github.com/willie68/RCReceiver.git|Contributed|RCReceiver
https://github.com/x2bus/EnergyBoard.git|Contributed|EnergyBoard
https://github.com/knolleary/pubsubclient.git|Contributed|PubSubClient
https://github.com/michaelkrzyzaniak/Dynamixel_Servo.git|Contributed|Dynamixel_Servo
https://github.com/DanNixon/ArduinoUniversalInput.git|Contributed|Universal Inputs
https://github.com/andrewrapp/xbee-arduino.git|Contributed|XBee-Arduino library
https://github.com/DanNixon/NeoNextion.git|Contributed|NeoNextion
https://github.com/Controllino/ControllinoLibrary.git|Contributed|Controllino Library
https://github.com/Chris--A/ArdOSC.git|Contributed|ArdOSC
https://github.com/gioblu/PJON.git|Contributed|PJON
https://github.com/SoftwareTools4Makers/OPC.git|Contributed|OPC
https://github.com/pololu/vl6180x-arduino.git|Contributed|VL6180X
https://github.com/descampsa/ardyno.git|Contributed|ardyno
https://github.com/TMRh20/RF24Mesh.git|Contributed|RF24Mesh
https://github.com/TMRh20/RF24Network.git|Contributed|RF24Network
https://github.com/TMRh20/RF24.git|Contributed|RF24
https://github.com/tinkerspy/Automaton.git|Contributed|Automaton
https://github.com/TMRh20/TMRpcm.git|Contributed|TMRpcm
https://github.com/arkhipenko/TaskScheduler.git|Contributed|TaskScheduler
https://github.com/FastLED/FastLED.git|Contributed|FastLED
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_RN2483.git|Contributed|Sodaq_RN2483
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_SHT3XA_Library.git|Contributed|ClosedCube SHT3X Analog
https://github.com/stevemarple/AsyncDelay.git|Contributed|AsyncDelay
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_SHT3XD_Library.git|Contributed|ClosedCube SHT3X Digital
https://github.com/stevemarple/SoftWire.git|Contributed|SoftWire
https://github.com/stevemarple/RTCx.git|Contributed|RTCx
https://github.com/stevemarple/MCP342x.git|Contributed|MCP342x
https://github.com/stevemarple/MicroNMEA.git|Contributed|MicroNMEA
https://github.com/stevemarple/HIH61xx.git|Contributed|HIH61xx
https://github.com/stevemarple/MLX90614.git|Contributed|MLX90614
https://github.com/stevemarple/AS3935.git|Contributed|AS3935
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_Capacitance.git|Contributed|RBD_Capacitance
https://github.com/cmmakerclub/WiFiConnector.git|Contributed|CMMC WiFi Connector
https://github.com/prampec/arduino-pcimanager.git|Contributed|PciManager
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_HumanSensor.git|Contributed|RBD_HumanSensor
https://github.com/cmmakerclub/MQTT-Connector.git|Contributed|CMMC MQTT Connector
https://github.com/lucadentella/TOTP-Arduino.git|Contributed|TOTP library
https://github.com/Mokolea/InputDebounce.git|Contributed|InputDebounce
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_Light.git|Contributed|RBD_Light
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_LightSensor.git|Contributed|RBD_LightSensor
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_Timer.git|Contributed|RBD_Timer
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_Motor.git|Contributed|RBD_Motor
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_Threshold.git|Contributed|RBD_Threshold
https://github.com/prampec/LcdBarGraphX.git|Contributed|LcdBarGraphX
https://github.com/prampec/LcdBarGraph.git|Contributed|LcdBarGraph
https://github.com/prampec/arduino-softtimer.git|Contributed|SoftTimer
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_WaterSensor.git|Contributed|RBD_WaterSensor
https://github.com/arkhipenko/TM1650.git|Contributed|TM1650
https://github.com/PaoloP74/extEEPROM.git|Contributed|extEEPROM
https://github.com/squix78/json-streaming-parser.git|Contributed|Json Streaming Parser
https://github.com/Chris--A/EEWrap.git|Contributed|EEWrap
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_Button.git|Contributed|RBD_Button
https://github.com/Chris--A/PGMWrap.git|Contributed|PGMWrap
https://github.com/modulolabs/modulo-lib.git|Contributed|Modulo
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_Servo.git|Contributed|RBD_Servo
https://github.com/NicoHood/HID.git|Contributed|HID-Project
https://github.com/MichaelJonker/HardwareSerialRS485.git|Contributed|HardwareSerial_RS485
https://github.com/z3t0/Arduino-IRremote.git|Contributed|IRremote
https://github.com/etherkit/Si5351Arduino.git|Contributed|Etherkit Si5351
https://github.com/Apollon77/I2CSoilMoistureSensor.git|Contributed|I2CSoilMoistureSensor
https://github.com/CNMAT/OSC.git|Contributed|OSC
https://github.com/collin80/due_can.git|Contributed|due_can
https://github.com/alextaujenis/RBD_SerialManager.git|Contributed|RBD_SerialManager
https://github.com/feilipu/Arduino_FreeRTOS_Library.git|Contributed|FreeRTOS
https://github.com/TMRh20/RF24Ethernet.git|Contributed|RF24Ethernet
https://github.com/firmata/ConfigurableFirmata.git|Contributed|ConfigurableFirmata
https://github.com/rapifireio/rapifire-arduino-mqtt.git|Contributed|RapifireMqttClient
https://github.com/mdxmase/asip.git|Contributed|asip
https://github.com/mdxmase/asip-additional-services.git|Contributed|asip-services
https://github.com/platisd/smartcar_shield.git|Contributed|Smartcar shield
https://github.com/hotchpotch/Arduino-HDC1000.git|Contributed|HDC1000
https://github.com/robbie-remote/RESTClient.git|Contributed|RESTClient
https://github.com/bportaluri/WiFiEsp.git|Contributed|WiFiEsp
https://github.com/Davideddu/APDS9930.git|Contributed|APDS-9930 Ambient Light and Proximity Sensor
https://github.com/somsinchai/IBot.git|Contributed|IBot
https://github.com/chatelao/MiniPirate.git|Contributed|SwissHandmade MiniPirate
https://github.com/5pIO/BLESerial.git|Contributed|BLESerial
https://github.com/squix78/esp8266-weather-station.git|Contributed|ESP8266 Weather Station
https://github.com/Links2004/arduinoWebSockets.git|Contributed|WebSockets
https://github.com/queuetue/Q2-HX711-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Queuetue HX711 Library
https://github.com/queuetue/Q2-Balance-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Queuetue Digital Balance Library
https://github.com/finitespace/BME280.git|Contributed|BME280
https://github.com/Mickaelh51/Arduino-Oregon-Library.git|Contributed|Oregon
https://github.com/JimmySoftware/ESPert.git|Contributed|ESPert
https://github.com/etherkit/JTEncode.git|Contributed|Etherkit JTEncode
https://github.com/rhelmus/virtmem-arlibman.git|Contributed|virtmem
https://github.com/tzapu/WiFiManager.git|Contributed|WiFiManager
https://github.com/psychogenic/Chronos.git|Contributed|Chronos
https://github.com/DefProc/lewis.git|Contributed|Lewis
https://github.com/feilipu/Goldilocks_Analogue_DAC_Library.git|Contributed|Goldilocks Analogue DAC Library
https://github.com/feilipu/Arduino_RTC_Library.git|Contributed|AVR Standard C Time Library
https://github.com/rocketscream/Low-Power.git|Contributed|Low-Power
https://github.com/feilipu/Goldilocks_Analogue_SPIRAM_Library.git|Contributed|Goldilocks Analogue SPI RAM Library
https://github.com/foothillscommunityworkshop/Robot-Model-2.git|Contributed|FCWRobot_Model2
https://github.com/miguelbalboa/rfid.git|Contributed|MFRC522
https://github.com/wizard97/ArduinoRingBuffer.git|Contributed|RingBuf
https://github.com/Syncano/syncano-arduino.git|Contributed|Syncano Arduino Library
https://github.com/ChuckBell/MySQL_Connector_Arduino.git|Contributed|MySQL Connector Arduino
https://github.com/pololu/lsm6-arduino.git|Contributed|LSM6
https://github.com/pololu/lis3mdl-arduino.git|Contributed|LIS3MDL
https://github.com/flav1972/ArduinoINA219.git|Contributed|ArduinoINA219
https://github.com/winlinvip/SimpleDHT.git|Contributed|SimpleDHT
https://github.com/CytronTechnologies/Cytron-G15Shield.git|Contributed|Cytron G15 Shield
https://github.com/jasiek/arduino-statsdclient.git|Contributed|statsdclient
https://github.com/ubidots/Ubidots-FONA.git|Contributed|Ubidots FONA Library
https://github.com/Makuna/Rtc.git|Contributed|Rtc by Makuna
https://github.com/thingSoC/embedis.git|Contributed|Embedis
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_dataflash.git|Contributed|Sodaq_dataflash
https://github.com/Makuna/Task.git|Contributed|Task by Makuna
https://github.com/ubidots/ubidots-arduino-gprs.git|Contributed|Ubidots GPRS Library
https://github.com/techpaul/PS2KeyRaw.git|Contributed|PS2KeyRaw
https://github.com/techpaul/PS2KeyAdvanced.git|Contributed|PS2KeyAdvanced
https://github.com/techpaul/PS2KeyMap.git|Contributed|PS2KeyMap
https://github.com/QuickSander/ArduinoHttpServer.git|Contributed|ArduinoHttpServer
https://github.com/krzychb/DimSwitch.git|Contributed|DimSwitch
https://github.com/loopj/i2c-sensor-hal.git|Contributed|Sensors
https://github.com/ToniA/arduino-heatpumpir.git|Contributed|HeatpumpIR
https://github.com/gregington/NetEEPROM.git|Contributed|NetEEPROM
https://github.com/gregington/RfidDb.git|Contributed|RfidDb
https://github.com/gregington/BigCrystal.git|Contributed|BigCrystal
https://github.com/TinyCircuits/TinyCircuits-TinyScreen_Lib.git|Contributed|TinyScreen
https://github.com/Densaugeo/base64_arduino.git|Contributed|base64
https://github.com/hirotakaster/CoAP-simple-library.git|Contributed|CoAP simple library
https://github.com/cmmakerclub/CMMCInterval.git|Contributed|CMMC Interval
https://github.com/ameltech/sme-cc2541-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything CC2541
https://github.com/bluerobotics/BlueRobotics_MS5837_Library.git|Contributed|BlueRobotics MS5837 Library
https://github.com/bluerobotics/Arduino_I2C_ESC.git|Contributed|BlueRobotics Arduino_I2C_ESC Library
https://github.com/bluerobotics/BlueRobotics_TSYS01_Library.git|Contributed|BlueRobotics TSYS01 Library
https://github.com/pololu/pololu-rpi-slave-arduino-library.git|Contributed|PololuRPiSlave
https://github.com/orgua/iLib.git|Contributed|I2C-Sensor-Lib iLib
https://github.com/Arduboy/Arduboy.git|Contributed|Arduboy
https://github.com/matthijskooijman/arduino-lmic.git|Contributed|IBM LMIC framework
https://github.com/leomil72/swRTC.git|Contributed|swRTC
https://github.com/leomil72/leOS.git|Contributed|leOS
https://github.com/leomil72/leOS2.git|Contributed|leOS2
https://github.com/leomil72/looper.git|Contributed|looper
https://github.com/leomil72/pRNG.git|Contributed|pRNG
https://github.com/leomil72/secTimer.git|Contributed|secTimer
https://github.com/leomil72/analogComp.git|Contributed|analogComp
https://github.com/orgua/OneWireHub.git|Contributed|OneWireHub
https://github.com/Makuna/NeoPixelBus.git|Contributed|NeoPixelBus by Makuna
https://github.com/SindormirNet/ArduinoFacil.git|Contributed|ArduinoFacil
https://github.com/SindormirNet/SindormirSevenSegments.git|Contributed|Sindormir SevenSegments
https://github.com/mrdunk/esp8266_mdns.git|Contributed|esp8266_mdns
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8Servo.git|Contributed|XLR8Servo
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8Float.git|Contributed|XLR8Float
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8Info.git|Contributed|XLR8Info
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8ADC.git|Contributed|XLR8ADC
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8NeoPixel.git|Contributed|XLR8NeoPixel
https://github.com/Gamadril/DD-Booster-Library.git|Contributed|DIGI-DOT-BOOSTER Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_RedBot_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun RedBot Library
https://github.com/mcauser/i2cdetect.git|Contributed|i2cdetect
https://github.com/Schm1tz1/arduino-ms5xxx.git|Contributed|MS5xxx
https://github.com/Schm1tz1/arduino-tsic.git|Contributed|TSIC
https://github.com/NicoHood/RCLSwitch.git|Contributed|RCLSwitch
https://github.com/madleech/Button.git|Contributed|Button
https://github.com/madleech/TurnoutPulser.git|Contributed|TurnoutPulser
https://github.com/porrey/Mioduino.git|Contributed|Mioduino
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/MahonyAHRS.git|Contributed|Mahony
https://github.com/gmag11/NtpClient.git|Contributed|NtpClientLib
https://github.com/tomstewart89/Callback.git|Contributed|Callback
https://github.com/WiserUFBA/ArduMideaWrapper.git|Contributed|MideaIRWrapper
https://github.com/blynkkk/blynk-library.git|Contributed|Blynk
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/NXPMotionSense.git|Contributed|NXPMotionSense
https://github.com/mrrwa/NmraDcc.git|Contributed|NmraDcc
https://github.com/klenov/advancedSerial.git|Contributed|advancedSerial
https://github.com/cmmakerclub/CMMC_OTA.git|Contributed|CMMC OTA
https://github.com/cniweb/gsm-playground.git|Contributed|GSM-Playground
https://github.com/paulo-raca/YetAnotherArduinoWiegandLibrary.git|Contributed|Yet Another Arduino Wiegand Library
https://github.com/klenov/keyboardButton.git|Contributed|keyboardButton
https://github.com/dxinteractive/AnalogMultiButton.git|Contributed|AnalogMultiButton
https://github.com/paulo-raca/YetAnotherArduinoPcIntLibrary.git|Contributed|Yet Another Arduino PcInt Library
https://github.com/CasaJasmina/TelegramBot-Library.git|Contributed|TelegramBot
https://github.com/martin2250/ADCTouch.git|Contributed|ADCTouch
https://github.com/cmmakerclub/CMMCEasy.git|Contributed|CMMC Easy
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBo7Seg-TLC59208-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 211 7Segment LED TLC59208F
https://github.com/Fredi/ArduinoIRC.git|Contributed|ArduinoIRC
https://github.com/FancyFoxGems/IttyBitty.git|Contributed|Itty Bitty
https://github.com/SohnyBohny/6-digit-7-Segment-Arduino.git|Contributed|six-digit-seven-segment
https://github.com/rlogiacco/BatterySense.git|Contributed|Battery Sense
https://github.com/pagongamedev/PagonGameDev_GameLoop.git|Contributed|PagonGameDev GameLoop
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoHumidity-HTS221-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 208 Humidity HTS221
https://github.com/netpieio/microgear-esp8266-arduino.git|Contributed|ESP8266 Microgear
https://gitlab.com/konnekting/KonnektingDeviceLibrary.git|Contributed|KONNEKTING Device Library
https://github.com/CytronTechnologies/CytronWiFiShield.git|Contributed|Cytron ESPWiFi Shield
https://github.com/MHeeres/DataServeriOS.git|Contributed|DataServeriOS
https://github.com/arsalmaner/Arduino-Libraries.git|Contributed|RGB_LED
https://github.com/jwagnerhki/arduino_pm2005lib.git|Contributed|PM2005Lib
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBo9AXIS-MPU9250-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 202 9Axis MPU9250
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoProximity-VCNL4010-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 205 Proximity VCNL4010
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoBarometer-MPL115-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 204 Baromter MPL115A2
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBo3Axis-ADXL345-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 201 3Axis ADXL345
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoGPIO-PCAL6408-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 210 GPIO PCAL6408A
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoColor-s11059-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 203 Color S11059
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoTemperature-ADT7410-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 207 Temperature ADT7410
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoRTC-PCF2129-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 215 RTC PCF2129
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoKTemp-MCP3421-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 209 KTemp MCP3421
https://github.com/DedeHai/NeoPixelPainter.git|Contributed|NeoPixel Painter
https://github.com/floe/BTLE.git|Contributed|BTLE
https://github.com/HexFab/HexFabQuadroMotorShield.git|Contributed|HexFabQuadroMotorShield
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoAmbientLight-ISL29034-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 217 Ambient Light ISL29034
https://github.com/arielnh56/SonarI2C.git|Contributed|SonarI2C
https://github.com/simap/TouchWheel.git|Contributed|TouchWheel
https://github.com/uArm-Developer/UArmForArduino.git|Contributed|uArmLibrary
https://github.com/sidwarkd/gp20u7_arduino.git|Contributed|GP20U7 GPS Library
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoLCDmini-AQM0802A-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 213 LCD mini AQM0802A
https://github.com/tomstewart89/BasicLinearAlgebra.git|Contributed|BasicLinearAlgebra
https://github.com/agdl/Base64.git|Contributed|Base64
https://github.com/bengtmartensson/Infrared4Arduino.git|Contributed|Infrared
https://github.com/agdl/GoPRO.git|Contributed|GoPRO
https://github.com/fabianofranca/ESP8266RestClient.git|Contributed|ESP8266RestClient
https://github.com/inovatic-ict/emoro-2560-library.git|Contributed|EMoRo 2560
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoOLED-EROLED096-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 214 OLED EROLED096
https://github.com/monoxit/RTC4543lib.git|Contributed|RTC4543lib
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_HDC1080_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube HDC1080
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/LedDisplay.git|Contributed|LedDisplay
https://github.com/nrwiersma/ConfigManager.git|Contributed|ConfigManager
https://github.com/david1983/eBtn.git|Contributed|eBtn
https://github.com/RobolinkInc/CoDrone.git|Contributed|CoDrone
https://github.com/r89m/MPR121Button.git|Contributed|r89m MPR121Button
https://github.com/r89m/CapacitiveButton.git|Contributed|r89m CapacitiveButton
https://github.com/r89m/PushButton.git|Contributed|r89m PushButton
https://github.com/r89m/Button.git|Contributed|r89m Buttons
https://github.com/dantler/LircRemote101.git|Contributed|LircPlayer101
https://github.com/brain-duino/AD7173-Arduino.git|Contributed|AD7173
https://github.com/OpenDevice/opendevice-lib-arduino.git|Contributed|OpenDevice
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoLCD-PCF8574-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 212 LCD PCF8574
https://github.com/tomstewart89/Geometry.git|Contributed|Geometry
https://github.com/arduinocodedog/Parallax-Smart-Card-Reader-Library-for-Arduino.git|Contributed|SmartCardReader
https://github.com/ChicagoRobotics/CRC_Simula_Library.git|Contributed|CRC Simula Arduino IDE Library
https://github.com/u0078867/Arduino-Websocket-Fast.git|Contributed|Arduino-Websocket-Fast
https://github.com/MINDS-i/MINDS-i-Drone.git|Contributed|MINDS-i-Drone
https://github.com/sebnil/DueFlashStorage.git|Contributed|DueFlashStorage
https://github.com/PRosenb/DeepSleepScheduler.git|Contributed|DeepSleepScheduler
https://github.com/giannivh/SmoothThermistor.git|Contributed|SmoothThermistor
https://github.com/pvizeli/CmdParser.git|Contributed|CmdParser
https://github.com/connornishijima/arduino-volume.git|Contributed|Volume
https://github.com/vonnieda/ScreenUi.git|Contributed|ScreenUi
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoBLE-Nordic-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 307 BLE Nordic
https://github.com/Rom3oDelta7/MCP320X.git|Contributed|MCP320x
https://github.com/Rom3oDelta7/LED3.git|Contributed|LED3
https://github.com/shaduzlabs/synapse.git|Contributed|Synapse
https://github.com/ArduinoMax/TLC5615.git|Contributed|TLC5615
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/PWMServo.git|Contributed|PWMServo
https://github.com/Martinsos/arduino-lib-hc-sr04.git|Contributed|HCSR04
https://github.com/cujomalainey/ant-arduino.git|Contributed|ANT-Arduino
https://github.com/sabas1080/FXAS21002C_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|FXAS21002C Gyroscope 3-Axis Sensor
https://github.com/finson-release/Luni.git|Contributed|Luni
https://github.com/DefProc/somo-ii-lib.git|Contributed|somo-ii-lib
https://github.com/spicajames/Rtttl.git|Contributed|Rtttl
https://github.com/daliworks/arduino_library.git|Contributed|Thingplus
https://github.com/anunpanya/ESP8266_QRcode.git|Contributed|ESP8266 QRcode
https://github.com/oxullo/Arduino-MAX30100.git|Contributed|MAX30100lib
https://github.com/finson-release/FirmataWithDeviceFeature.git|Contributed|FirmataWithDeviceFeature
https://github.com/iotpipe/esp8266-arduino-iotpipe.git|Contributed|IoT Pipe
https://github.com/olikraus/U8g2_Arduino.git|Contributed|U8g2
https://github.com/abderraouf-adjal/ArduinoSpritzCipher.git|Contributed|SpritzCipher
https://github.com/dxinteractive/ResponsiveAnalogRead.git|Contributed|ResponsiveAnalogRead
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoBLE-BLE113-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 301 BLE SiliconLabs
https://github.com/baghayi/Nokia_5110.git|Contributed|Nokia 5110
https://github.com/wizard97/ArduinoProcessScheduler.git|Contributed|ProcessScheduler
https://github.com/iondbproject/iondb.git|Contributed|IonDB
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8BuildTemplate.git|Contributed|XLR8BuildTemplate
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8Core.git|Contributed|XLR8Core
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8Pong.git|Contributed|XLR8Pong
https://github.com/thesolarnomad/lora-serialization.git|Contributed|LoRa Serialization
https://github.com/johnnyb/Shifty.git|Contributed|Shifty
https://github.com/johnnyb/Eventually.git|Contributed|Eventually
https://github.com/acrobotic/Ai_Ardulib_SSD1306.git|Contributed|ACROBOTIC SSD1306
https://github.com/gmazzamuto/MAX1464-Arduino-library.git|Contributed|MAX1464 Arduino library
https://github.com/leyap/LispMotor.git|Contributed|LispMotor
https://github.com/MarkusLange/RTCDue.git|Contributed|RTCDue
https://github.com/CommonWealthRobotics/BowlerCom.git|Contributed|BowlerCom
https://github.com/VasilKalchev/LiquidMenu.git|Contributed|LiquidMenu
https://github.com/Wiznet/WizFi250_arduino_library.git|Contributed|WizFi250
https://github.com/sdumetz/coordinates.git|Contributed|Coordinates
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MPU-9250_Breakout_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MPU-9250 9 DOF IMU Breakout
https://github.com/arms22/SoftModem.git|Contributed|SoftModem
https://github.com/njh/EtherSia.git|Contributed|EtherSia
https://github.com/Jomelo/LCDMenuLib.git|Contributed|LCDMenuLib
https://github.com/kotobuki/SetPoint.git|Contributed|SetPoint
https://github.com/leyap/LispIO.git|Contributed|LispIO
https://github.com/duinoWitchery/hd44780.git|Contributed|hd44780
https://github.com/tyhenry/CheapStepper.git|Contributed|CheapStepper
https://github.com/wloche/LcdProgressBar.git|Contributed|LcdProgressBar
https://github.com/nyampass/HaLakeKit-Library.git|Contributed|HaLakeKit
https://github.com/wloche/LcdProgressBarDouble.git|Contributed|LcdProgressBarDouble
https://github.com/netguy204/OakOLED.git|Contributed|OakOLED
https://github.com/jwhiddon/EDB.git|Contributed|EDB
https://github.com/NVSL/gadgetron-software-libraries.git|Contributed|Gadgetron Libraries
https://github.com/mike-matera/ArduinoSTL.git|Contributed|ArduinoSTL
https://github.com/LabAixBidouille/RobotDuLAB-arduino-library.git|Contributed|RobotDuLAB Arduino Library
https://github.com/HackerInside0/SharpIR.git|Contributed|SharpIR
https://github.com/schinken/Flash.git|Contributed|Flash
https://github.com/moretticb/Neurona.git|Contributed|Neurona
https://github.com/uStepper/uStepper.git|Contributed|uStepper
https://github.com/krzychb/EspSaveCrash.git|Contributed|EspSaveCrash
https://github.com/pololu/vl53l0x-arduino.git|Contributed|VL53L0X
https://github.com/oxullo/Arduino-TCM2.git|Contributed|TCM2lib
https://github.com/HackerInside0/L293.git|Contributed|L293
https://github.com/ArduinoMax/AD5241.git|Contributed|ArduMax AD5241 Driver
https://github.com/ArduinoMax/MCP41xxx.git|Contributed|ArduMax MCP41xxx Driver
https://github.com/mrmot021/PLS7shield.git|Contributed|PLS7 shield
https://github.com/HackerInside0/Arduino_SoftwareReset.git|Contributed|SoftwareReset
https://github.com/NeoCat/Arduno-Twitter-library.git|Contributed|Arduno Twitter library
https://github.com/Megunolink/MLP.git|Contributed|MegunoLink
https://github.com/pololu/fastgpio-arduino.git|Contributed|FastGPIO
https://github.com/pololu/dual-vnh5019-motor-shield.git|Contributed|DualVNH5019MotorShield
https://github.com/pololu/qtr-sensors-arduino.git|Contributed|QTRSensors
https://github.com/pololu/qik-arduino.git|Contributed|PololuQik
https://github.com/pololu/lsm303-arduino.git|Contributed|LSM303
https://github.com/pololu/lps-arduino.git|Contributed|LPS
https://github.com/pololu/pololu-hd44780-arduino.git|Contributed|PololuHD44780
https://github.com/pololu/a4990-motor-shield.git|Contributed|A4990MotorShield
https://github.com/pololu/l3g-arduino.git|Contributed|L3G
https://github.com/pololu/drv8835-motor-shield.git|Contributed|DRV8835MotorShield
https://github.com/pololu/dual-mc33926-motor-shield.git|Contributed|DualMC33926MotorShield
https://github.com/pololu/usb-pause-arduino.git|Contributed|USBPause
https://github.com/pololu/pushbutton-arduino.git|Contributed|Pushbutton
https://github.com/connornishijima/arduino-buzz.git|Contributed|Buzz
https://github.com/puuu/ESPiLight.git|Contributed|ESPiLight
https://github.com/TheThingsNetwork/arduino-device-lib.git|Contributed|TheThingsNetwork
https://github.com/talk2wisen/Talk2Library.git|Contributed|Talk2
https://github.com/adafruit/Ethernet2.git|Contributed|Ethernet2
https://github.com/paulo-raca/ArduinoBufferedStreams.git|Contributed|Buffered Streams
https://github.com/MCUdude/KTMS1201.git|Contributed|KTMS1201
https://github.com/connornishijima/arduino-volume2.git|Contributed|Volume2
https://github.com/nrwiersma/ESP8266Scheduler.git|Contributed|ESP8266Scheduler
https://github.com/josejuansanchez/NanoPlayBoard-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|NanoPlayBoard
https://github.com/sne3ks/ExodeCore.git|Contributed|ExodeCore
https://github.com/Atzingen/controleForno.git|Contributed|ControleForno
https://github.com/pasko-zh/brzo_i2c.git|Contributed|Brzo I2C
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobotIRPosition.git|Contributed|DFRobotIRPosition
https://github.com/mathertel/LiquidCrystal_PCF8574.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystal_PCF8574
https://github.com/4-20ma/i2c_adc_ads7828.git|Contributed|i2c_adc_ads7828
https://github.com/greiman/DigitalIO.git|Contributed|DigitalIO
https://github.com/4-20ma/I2cDiscreteIoExpander.git|Contributed|I2cDiscreteIoExpander
https://github.com/llelundberg/EasyWebServer.git|Contributed|EasyWebServer
https://github.com/annem/ADXL362.git|Contributed|ADXL362
https://github.com/andriyadi/EspX.git|Contributed|ESPectro
https://github.com/pavelmc/FT857d.git|Contributed|Yaesu FT857D CAT
https://github.com/ichigo663/NDNOverUDP.git|Contributed|NDNOverUDP
https://github.com/JobNoorman/PmodClsArduino.git|Contributed|PmodCls
https://github.com/nadavmatalon/MCP9802.git|Contributed|MCP9802
https://github.com/FancyFoxGems/HalfStepper.git|Contributed|HalfStepper
https://github.com/pubnub/arduino.git|Contributed|Pubnub
https://github.com/Links2004/arduinoVNC.git|Contributed|arduinoVNC
https://github.com/IngeniaMC/Ingenia-Serial-Servo-Drive-Library.git|Contributed|Ingenia Serial Servo Drive Library
https://github.com/NeiroNx/RTCLib.git|Contributed|RTCLib by NeiroN
https://github.com/Spirik/KeyDetector.git|Contributed|KeyDetector
https://github.com/nadavmatalon/ADS1110.git|Contributed|ADS1110
https://github.com/Patrick-Thomas/SixAxisRing.git|Contributed|SixAxisRing
https://github.com/bakercp/Logger.git|Contributed|Logger
https://github.com/bakercp/BufferUtils.git|Contributed|BufferUtils
https://github.com/bakercp/PacketSerial.git|Contributed|PacketSerial
https://github.com/bakercp/CRC32.git|Contributed|CRC32
https://github.com/waspinator/CD74HC4067.git|Contributed|CD74HC4067
https://github.com/jaredpetersen/ghostlab42reboot.git|Contributed|GhostLab42Reboot
https://github.com/kontakt/MAX30100.git|Contributed|MAX30100
https://github.com/JeffShapiro/ArduinoLearningBoard-Lib.git|Contributed|Arduino Learning Board
https://github.com/HackerInside0/Arduino_sevenSegmentDisplay.git|Contributed|sevenSegmentDisplay
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_OPT3001_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube OPT3001
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_OPT3002_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube OPT3002
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_LPS25HB_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube LPS25HB
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_Si7055_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube Si7055
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_Si7051_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube Si7051
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_HDC1010_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube HDC1010
https://github.com/GadgetFactory/Gadget-Box.git|Contributed|GadgetBox
https://github.com/daniel-centore/arduino-tone-library.git|Contributed|ToneLibrary
https://github.com/RoanBrand/ArduinoSerialToTCPBridgeClient.git|Contributed|TCP over Serial
https://github.com/PRosenb/EEPROMWearLevel.git|Contributed|EEPROMWearLevel
https://github.com/nadavmatalon/PCA9536.git|Contributed|PCA9536
https://github.com/ESikich/RGBLEDBlender.git|Contributed|RGBLEDBlender
https://github.com/openenergymonitor/EmonLib.git|Contributed|EmonLib
https://github.com/FortySevenEffects/arduino_midi_library.git|Contributed|MIDI Library
https://github.com/MLXXXp/ArduboyTones.git|Contributed|ArduboyTones
https://github.com/MLXXXp/Arduboy2.git|Contributed|Arduboy2
https://github.com/axelelettronica/sme-rn2483-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything Lion RN2483
https://github.com/axelelettronica/sme-lsm6ds3-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything LSM6DS3
https://github.com/axelelettronica/sme-nxp-st-library.git|Contributed|SmartEverything NXP-ST Shield
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_TCA9538_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube TCA9538
https://github.com/SukkoPera/Webbino.git|Contributed|Webbino
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_IS31FL3731.git|Contributed|Adafruit IS31FL3731 Library
https://github.com/TMRh20/AutoAnalogAudio.git|Contributed|AutoAnalogAudio
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LP55231_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LP55231 Breakout
https://github.com/SlashDevin/NeoGPS.git|Contributed|NeoGPS
https://github.com/EnhancedRadioDevices/HamShield.git|Contributed|HamShield
https://github.com/EnhancedRadioDevices/HamShield_KISS.git|Contributed|HamShield_KISS
https://github.com/EnhancedRadioDevices/DDS.git|Contributed|DDS
https://github.com/mysensors/MySensors.git|Contributed|MySensors
https://github.com/myDevicesIoT/Cayenne-MQTT-Arduino.git|Contributed|CayenneMQTT
https://github.com/bandarei/AD9850-DDS.git|Contributed|AD9850-DDS
https://github.com/connornishijima/arduino-volume3.git|Contributed|Volume 3
https://github.com/nadavmatalon/PCA9536_RGB.git|Contributed|PCA9536_RGB
https://github.com/tinkerspy/Automaton-Esp8266.git|Contributed|Automaton-Esp8266
https://github.com/GiorgioAresu/FanController.git|Contributed|FanController
https://github.com/thomasfredericks/Stepper_28BYJ_48.git|Contributed|Stepper_28BYJ_48
https://github.com/wolfv6/keybrd.git|Contributed|keybrd
https://github.com/asukiaaa/SomeSerial.git|Contributed|SomeSerial
https://github.com/neptune2/simpleDSTadjust.git|Contributed|simpleDSTadjust
https://github.com/MiguelPynto/ShiftDisplay.git|Contributed|ShiftDisplay
https://github.com/wizard97/Embedded_RingBuf_CPP.git|Contributed|RingBufCPP
https://github.com/sui77/rc-switch.git|Contributed|rc-switch
https://github.com/mrrwa/LocoNet.git|Contributed|LocoNet
https://github.com/TEAMarg/ATMlib.git|Contributed|ATMlib
https://github.com/biagiom/LedBlinky.git|Contributed|LedBlinky
https://github.com/aharshac/StringSplitter.git|Contributed|StringSplitter
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MAX3010x_Sensor_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MAX3010x Pulse and Proximity Sensor Library
https://github.com/nadavmatalon/MCP3221.git|Contributed|MCP3221
https://github.com/vshymanskyy/TinyGSM.git|Contributed|TinyGSM
https://github.com/vshymanskyy/StreamDebugger.git|Contributed|StreamDebugger
https://github.com/IndustrialShields/arduino-IndustrialShields.git|Contributed|IndustrialShields
https://github.com/imrehorvath/BridgeHttpClient.git|Contributed|BridgeHttpClient
https://github.com/polygondoor/Pablo.git|Contributed|Pablo
https://github.com/Isaranu/IoTtweet.git|Contributed|IoTtweet
https://github.com/connect-things/ConnectThings_ESP8266.git|Contributed|ConnectThings_ESP8266
https://github.com/maly/edushield.git|Contributed|EduShield
https://github.com/connornishijima/Lixie-arduino.git|Contributed|Lixie
https://github.com/descampsa/A4963.git|Contributed|A4963
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobotDFPlayerMini.git|Contributed|DFRobotDFPlayerMini
https://github.com/elyons/pinduino.git|Contributed|Pinduino
https://github.com/nadavmatalon/WatchDog.git|Contributed|WatchDog
https://github.com/myconstellation/constellation-arduino.git|Contributed|Constellation
https://github.com/sakuraio/SakuraIOArduino.git|Contributed|SakuraIO
https://github.com/MadTooler/Gobbit_Line_Commander.git|Contributed|GobbitLineCommand
https://github.com/CsCrazy85/DatavisionLCD.git|Contributed|DatavisionLCD
https://github.com/DeanIsMe/SevSeg.git|Contributed|SevSeg
https://github.com/Naguissa/uRTCLib.git|Contributed|uRTCLib
https://github.com/Rokenbok/ROKduino.git|Contributed|ROKduino
https://github.com/Makuna/AnalogKeypad.git|Contributed|AnalogKeypad by Makuna
https://github.com/nitins11/Nokia5110LCD.git|Contributed|Nokia5110
https://github.com/Arduboy/ArduboyPlaytune.git|Contributed|ArduboyPlaytune
https://github.com/dantler/GroveEncoder.git|Contributed|GroveEncoder
https://github.com/Hobietime/RF24G.git|Contributed|RF24G
https://github.com/VittorioEsposito/Sim800L-Arduino-Library-revised.git|Contributed|Sim800L Library Revised
https://github.com/igvina/ArdBitmap.git|Contributed|ArdBitmap
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_Parola.git|Contributed|MD_Parola
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_MAX72XX.git|Contributed|MD_MAX72XX
https://github.com/monstrenyatko/ArduinoMqtt.git|Contributed|ArduinoMqtt
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LIS3DH_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LIS3DH Arduino Library
https://github.com/makers-upv/ORC.git|Contributed|Olympic Robotic Challenge
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_Cubo.git|Contributed|MD_Cubo
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_MSGEQ7.git|Contributed|MD_MSGEQ7
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_TicTacToe.git|Contributed|MD_TTT
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_LM335A.git|Contributed|MD_LM335A
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_TCS230.git|Contributed|MD_TCS230
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_REncoder.git|Contributed|MD_REncoder
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_KeySwitch.git|Contributed|MD_KeySwitch
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_DS3231.git|Contributed|MD_DS3231
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_DS1307.git|Contributed|MD_DS1307
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_AButton.git|Contributed|MD_AButton
https://github.com/lperez31/youmadeit-arduino.git|Contributed|YouMadeIt
https://github.com/igvina/ArdVoice.git|Contributed|ArdVoice
https://github.com/WPIRoboticsEngineering/DFW.git|Contributed|DFW
https://github.com/roncapat/MultiLcd.git|Contributed|MultiLcd
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8LFSR.git|Contributed|XLR8LFSR
https://github.com/MakerVision/ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|MakerVision
https://github.com/SloCompTech/QList.git|Contributed|QList
https://github.com/CONTROLLINO-PLC/CONTROLLINO_Library.git|Contributed|CONTROLLINO
https://github.com/Open-Bionics/FingerLib.git|Contributed|FingerLib
https://github.com/pololu/pololu-led-strip-arduino.git|Contributed|PololuLedStrip
https://github.com/prenticedavid/MCUFRIEND_kbv.git|Contributed|MCUFRIEND_kbv
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8SPI.git|Contributed|XLR8SPI
https://github.com/bhagman/WireData.git|Contributed|WireData
https://github.com/bhagman/Tone.git|Contributed|Tone
https://github.com/bhagman/SoftPWM.git|Contributed|SoftPWM
https://github.com/RogueRobotics/SmartDial.git|Contributed|SmartDial
https://github.com/RogueRobotics/RogueSD.git|Contributed|RogueSD
https://github.com/RogueRobotics/RogueMP3.git|Contributed|RogueMP3
https://github.com/bhagman/MillisTimer.git|Contributed|MillisTimer
https://github.com/bhagman/LitSwitch.git|Contributed|LitSwitch
https://github.com/bhagman/ControlledServo.git|Contributed|ControlledServo
https://github.com/lpasqualis/TimedBlink.git|Contributed|TimedBlink
https://github.com/arielnh56/ACE128.git|Contributed|ACE128
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_MAX30205_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube MAX30205
https://github.com/wizard97/SimplyAtomic.git|Contributed|SimplyAtomic
https://github.com/lectrobox/KeypadShield.git|Contributed|LectroboxKeypadShield
https://github.com/lectrobox/PCJoy.git|Contributed|LectroboxPCJoyShield
https://github.com/joysfera/arduino-tasker.git|Contributed|Tasker
https://github.com/thexeno/HardWire-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|HardWire
https://github.com/Bodmer/JPEGDecoder.git|Contributed|JPEGDecoder
https://github.com/SMFSW/SmoothADC.git|Contributed|SmoothADC
https://github.com/SMFSW/cI2C.git|Contributed|cI2C
https://github.com/SMFSW/CaptureTimer.git|Contributed|CaptureTimer
https://github.com/SMFSW/SeqTimer.git|Contributed|SeqTimer
https://github.com/fesselk/everytime.git|Contributed|everytime
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_CirQueue.git|Contributed|MD_CirQueue
https://github.com/m2m-solutions/M2M_LM75A.git|Contributed|LM75A Arduino library
https://github.com/pozyxLabs/Pozyx-Arduino-library.git|Contributed|Pozyx
https://github.com/madhephaestus/WiiChuck.git|Contributed|WiiChuck
https://github.com/witnessmenow/Universal-Arduino-Telegram-Bot.git|Contributed|UniversalTelegramBot
https://github.com/GurtDotCom/GKScroll.git|Contributed|GKScroll
https://github.com/nyampass/HaLakeKitFirst-Library.git|Contributed|HaLakeKitFirst
https://github.com/fatihaslamaci/TimerFa.git|Contributed|TimerFa
https://github.com/Zuntara/Arduino.AdagioPro.git|Contributed|AdagioPro
https://github.com/septillion-git/FadeLed.git|Contributed|FadeLed
https://github.com/paulo-raca/YetAnotherArduinoDebounceLibrary.git|Contributed|Yet Another Arduino Debounce Library
https://github.com/SMFSW/WireWrapper.git|Contributed|WireWrapper
https://github.com/neu-rah/ArduinoMenu.git|Contributed|ArduinoMenu library
https://github.com/turbyho/DABDUINO.git|Contributed|DABDUINO
https://github.com/MohammedRashad/ArduZ80.git|Contributed|ArduZ80
https://github.com/UIPEthernet/UIPEthernet.git|Contributed|UIPEthernet
https://github.com/pololu/romi-32u4-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Romi32U4
https://github.com/udoklein/dcf77.git|Contributed|dcf77_xtal
https://github.com/phpoc/arduino-Phpoc.git|Contributed|PHPoC
https://github.com/dmkishi/Dusk2Dawn.git|Contributed|Dusk2Dawn
https://github.com/d00616/arduino-NVM.git|Contributed|arduino-NVM
https://github.com/witnessmenow/arduino-ifttt-maker.git|Contributed|IFTTTMaker
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Haptic_Motor_Driver_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Haptic Motor Driver
https://github.com/teemuatlut/TMC2130Stepper.git|Contributed|TMC2130Stepper
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VL53L0X.git|Contributed|Adafruit_VL53L0X
https://github.com/timum-viw/socket.io-client.git|Contributed|SocketIoClient
https://github.com/redkea/arduino-library.git|Contributed|redkea
https://github.com/boodskap/BoodskapMessage.git|Contributed|Boodskap Message library
https://github.com/agdl/arduino-multiplePinsAPIs.git|Contributed|multiplePinOps
https://github.com/Adminius/Dimmer32u4.git|Contributed|Dimmer class for ATmega32U4
https://github.com/hvanvoorthuijsen/InkyBoard.git|Contributed|InkyBoard
https://github.com/ErickSimoes/Ultrasonic.git|Contributed|Ultrasonic
https://github.com/Adminius/DimmerZero.git|Contributed|Dimmer class for SAMD21
https://github.com/monolithicpower/MagAlpha-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|MagAlpha Angle Sensor Library
https://github.com/waspinator/AccelStepper.git|Contributed|AccelStepper
https://github.com/witnessmenow/arduino-google-maps-api.git|Contributed|GoogleMapsApi
https://github.com/witnessmenow/arduino-youtube-api.git|Contributed|YoutubeApi
https://github.com/Isaranu/IoTtweetESP32.git|Contributed|IoTtweetESP32
https://github.com/plasticrake/OpcServer.git|Contributed|OpcServer
https://github.com/markszabo/IRremoteESP8266.git|Contributed|IRremoteESP8266
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Simultaneous_RFID_Tag_Reader_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Simultaneous RFID Tag Reader Library
https://github.com/AJMansfield/TriacDimmer.git|Contributed|TriacDimmer
https://github.com/VasilKalchev/ExponentMap.git|Contributed|ExponentMap
https://github.com/rafaelnsantos/Relay.git|Contributed|Relay
https://github.com/AJMansfield/LcdEffects.git|Contributed|LcdEffects
https://github.com/MonsieurV/ArduinoPocketGeiger.git|Contributed|RadiationWatch
https://github.com/thinger-io/ClimaStick.git|Contributed|ClimaStick
https://github.com/TheThingsNetwork/arduino-node-lib.git|Contributed|TheThingsNode
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Serial_Controlled_Motor_Driver_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Serial Controlled Motor Driver
https://github.com/RFExplorer/RFExplorer_3GP_IoT_Arduino.git|Contributed|RFExplorer 3GP IoT
https://github.com/NicoHood/IRLremote.git|Contributed|IRLremote
https://github.com/JAICHANGPARK/Arduino-Watch.git|Contributed|Arduino Smart Watch
https://github.com/pololu/balboa-32u4-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Balboa32U4
https://github.com/smz/Arduino-RTCtime.git|Contributed|RTCtime
https://github.com/labfruits/mcp3208.git|Contributed|Mcp3208
https://github.com/thijse/Arduino-Log.git|Contributed|ArduinoLog
https://github.com/Spaguetron/ST_HW_HC_SR04.git|Contributed|ST_HW_HC_SR04
https://github.com/NADA-ELECTRONICS/AS-289R2.git|Contributed|AS-289R2 Thermal Printer Shield
https://github.com/marvinroger/arduino-shutters.git|Contributed|Shutters
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_TeensyView_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|TeensyView
https://github.com/dycodex/MakestroCloudClient.git|Contributed|MakestroCloudClient
https://github.com/jmparatte/jm_Scheduler.git|Contributed|jm_Scheduler
https://github.com/annem/AD7193.git|Contributed|AD7193
https://github.com/Robopoly/Robopoly_Bluetooth.git|Contributed|Robopoly Bluetooth
https://github.com/Robopoly/Robopoly_Encoders.git|Contributed|Robopoly RomeEnco
https://github.com/LoRaFi/LoRaFi.git|Contributed|LoRaFi
https://github.com/Wiznet/WizFi310_arduino_library.git|Contributed|WizFi310
https://github.com/SMFSW/SeqButton.git|Contributed|SeqButton
https://github.com/SMFSW/Queue.git|Contributed|Queue
https://github.com/andriyadi/AzureIoTHubMQTTClient.git|Contributed|AzureIoTHubMQTTClient
https://github.com/puuu/USIWire.git|Contributed|USIWire
https://github.com/SMFSW/SerialTerminal.git|Contributed|SerialTerminal
https://github.com/mathertel/OneButton.git|Contributed|OneButton
https://github.com/mathertel/RotaryEncoder.git|Contributed|RotaryEncoder
https://github.com/Makuna/DFMiniMp3.git|Contributed|DFPlayer Mini Mp3 by Makuna
https://github.com/OtacilioN/Brasilino.git|Contributed|Brasilino
https://github.com/ricki-z/SDS011.git|Contributed|SDS011 sensor Library
https://github.com/jmparatte/jm_CPPM.git|Contributed|jm_CPPM
https://github.com/DrGFreeman/SharpDistSensor.git|Contributed|SharpDistSensor
https://github.com/jakalada/Arduino-ADXL345.git|Contributed|ADXL345
https://github.com/jrullan/neotimer.git|Contributed|Neotimer
https://github.com/jakalada/Arduino-S11059.git|Contributed|S11059
https://github.com/jakalada/Arduino-S5851A.git|Contributed|S5851A
https://github.com/jakalada/Arduino-AM50288H.git|Contributed|AM50288H
https://github.com/jakalada/Arduino-S9706.git|Contributed|S9706
https://github.com/outofambit/easy-neopixels.git|Contributed|Easy NeoPixels
https://github.com/ricmoo/QRCode.git|Contributed|QRCode
https://github.com/Industruino/UC1701.git|Contributed|UC1701
https://github.com/Industruino/Indio.git|Contributed|Indio
https://github.com/Industruino/EthernetIndustruino.git|Contributed|EthernetIndustruino
https://github.com/yinkou/Arduboy-TinyFont.git|Contributed|Arduboy-TinyFont
https://github.com/xcoder123/FlexiPlot_Arduino.git|Contributed|FlexiPlot Arduino Library
https://github.com/ozhantr/DigitLedDisplay.git|Contributed|DigitLedDisplay
https://github.com/AshleyF/BriefEmbedded.git|Contributed|Brief
https://github.com/sigvaldm/SevenSeg.git|Contributed|SevenSeg
https://github.com/BlueDot-Arduino/BlueDot_BME280.git|Contributed|BlueDot BME280 Library
https://github.com/teemuatlut/TMC2208Stepper.git|Contributed|TMC2208Stepper
https://github.com/damellis/PCM.git|Contributed|PCM
https://github.com/stevemarple/IniFile.git|Contributed|IniFile
https://github.com/rlogiacco/PlotPlus.git|Contributed|PlotPlus
https://github.com/bengtmartensson/Arduino-DecodeIR.git|Contributed|DecodeIR
https://github.com/ZulNs/MultitapKeypad.git|Contributed|MultitapKeypad
https://github.com/fire0shadow/SevSegSPI.git|Contributed|SevSegSPI
https://github.com/NorthernWidget/DS3231.git|Contributed|DS3231
https://github.com/DrGFreeman/TimedPID.git|Contributed|TimedPID
https://github.com/ayushsharma82/EasyDDNS.git|Contributed|EasyDDNS
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AK9750_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun AK9750 Human Presence Sensor Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_CCS811_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun CCS811 Arduino Library
https://github.com/greiman/SdFat.git|Contributed|SdFat
https://github.com/witnessmenow/arduino-instructables-api.git|Contributed|InstructableApi
https://github.com/witnessmenow/arduino-twitter-api.git|Contributed|TwitterApi
https://github.com/witnessmenow/arduino-facebook-api.git|Contributed|FacebookApi
https://github.com/frankjoshua/rosserial_arduino_lib.git|Contributed|Rosserial Arduino Library
https://github.com/belidzs/PreciseLM35.git|Contributed|PreciseLM35
https://github.com/JoaquimFlavio/GuaraTeca_OBR.git|Contributed|GuaraTeca_OBR
https://github.com/psychogenic/SerialUI.git|Contributed|SerialUI
https://github.com/VittorioEsposito/J1850-PWM-Encoding-Library.git|Contributed|J1850-PWM Encoding Library
https://github.com/ggzucco/LM35.git|Contributed|LM35
https://github.com/jmparatte/jm_Wire.git|Contributed|jm_Wire
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MCP3008.git|Contributed|Adafruit MCP3008
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SPIFlash.git|Contributed|Adafruit SPIFlash
https://github.com/AntoIOT/anto-esp8266-arduino.git|Contributed|anto-esp8266-arduino
https://github.com/hedrickbt/MillaMilla_DS7505_Library.git|Contributed|MillaMilla DS7505 Library
https://github.com/thexeno/DS1307-Emulator-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|DS1307 Emulator
https://github.com/JoaquimFlavio/GuaraTeca_Menu.git|Contributed|GuaraTeca_Menu
https://github.com/jmparatte/jm_LiquidCrystal_I2C.git|Contributed|jm_LiquidCrystal_I2C
https://github.com/JoaquimFlavio/GuaraTeca_Hardware.git|Contributed|GuaraTeca_Hardware
https://github.com/SlashDevin/NeoSWSerial.git|Contributed|NeoSWSerial
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_I2C_GPS_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun I2C GPS Reading and Control
https://github.com/jensh/CopyThreads.git|Contributed|CopyThreads
https://github.com/kosme/arduinoFFT.git|Contributed|arduinoFFT
https://github.com/thingface/arduino.git|Contributed|ThingfaceClient
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_wdt.git|Contributed|Sodaq_wdt
https://github.com/GO01260/uMT.git|Contributed|uMT
https://github.com/jscastonguay/technoshield-ui-lib.git|Contributed|Technoshield-ui-lib
https://github.com/DarkDust/MHGroveBLE.git|Contributed|MHGroveBLE
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_LIS3DE.git|Contributed|Sodaq_LIS3DE
https://github.com/connornishijima/TinySnore.git|Contributed|TinySnore
https://github.com/kmackay/micro-ecc.git|Contributed|micro-ecc
https://github.com/Simpit-team/KerbalSimpitRevamped-Arduino.git|Contributed|KerbalSimpit
https://github.com/ghaemshop/ghaemShopSmSim.git|Contributed|ghaemShopSmSim
https://github.com/ssuhrid/EmSevenSegment.git|Contributed|EmSevenSegment
https://github.com/aelse/ArduinoStatsd.git|Contributed|StatsD
https://github.com/jrcape/ADSWeather.git|Contributed|ADSWeather
https://github.com/squix78/minigrafx.git|Contributed|Mini Grafx
https://github.com/mattairtech/SRAM_23LC.git|Contributed|SRAM_23LC
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_Menu.git|Contributed|MD_Menu
https://github.com/CytronTechnologies/Cytron_Shield3AMotor.git|Contributed|Cytron 3A Motor Driver Shield
https://github.com/meeo/meeo-arduino.git|Contributed|Meeo
https://github.com/septillion-git/QC2Control.git|Contributed|QC2Control
https://github.com/datacute/DoubleResetDetector.git|Contributed|DoubleResetDetector
https://github.com/OnionIoT/Onion-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Onion Arduino Library
https://github.com/pachonk/Sensor.git|Contributed|Sensor
https://github.com/elpassion/Babelduino.git|Contributed|Babelduino
https://github.com/mpflaga/Arduino_Library-vs1053_for_SdFat.git|Contributed|VS1053 for use with SdFat
https://github.com/witnessmenow/arduino-coinmarketcap-api.git|Contributed|CoinMarketCapApi
https://github.com/bartoszbielawski/AJSP.git|Contributed|AJSP
https://github.com/bartoszbielawski/LEDMatrixDriver.git|Contributed|LEDMatrixDriver
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_RFD77402_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun RFD77402 Distance Sensor - VCSEL Time of Flight
https://github.com/AndreaLombardo/L298N.git|Contributed|L298N
https://github.com/dersimn/ArduinoThreadRunOnce.git|Contributed|ArduinoThreadRunOnce
https://github.com/dniklaus/wiring-timer.git|Contributed|wiring-timer
https://github.com/vitcon-iot/VitconCommon.git|Contributed|VitconCommon
https://github.com/vitcon-iot/VitconIOT.git|Contributed|VitconIOT
https://github.com/vitcon-iot/VitconLink.git|Contributed|VitconLink
https://github.com/kremio/DLPacket.git|Contributed|DLPacket
https://github.com/bartoszbielawski/C-Tasks.git|Contributed|CPPTasks
https://github.com/lemio/esp32_ble_wedo.git|Contributed|WEDO 2.0 BLE for ESP32
https://github.com/ERNICommunity/dbg-trace.git|Contributed|dbg-trace
https://github.com/ERNICommunity/debug-cli.git|Contributed|debug-cli
https://github.com/JoaquimFlavio/GuaraTeca_Demo.git|Contributed|Guarateca_Demo
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10ADC.git|Contributed|M10ADC
https://github.com/mattairtech/EEPROM_CAT25.git|Contributed|EEPROM_CAT25
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10CODEC.git|Contributed|M10CODEC
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10SD.git|Contributed|M10SD
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10PWM.git|Contributed|M10PWM
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10JTAG.git|Contributed|M10JTAG
https://github.com/helium/helium-arduino.git|Contributed|Helium
https://github.com/aharshac/EasyNTPClient.git|Contributed|EasyNTPClient
https://github.com/grzesl/ESPMail.git|Contributed|ESPMail
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10SerialAUX.git|Contributed|M10SerialAUX
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10SRAM.git|Contributed|M10SRAM
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10I2C.git|Contributed|M10I2C
https://github.com/SConaway/AVRUtils.git|Contributed|AVRUtils
https://github.com/arielnh56/OctoSonar.git|Contributed|OctoSonar
https://github.com/Schm1tz1/aws-sdk-arduino-esp8266.git|Contributed|AWS-SDK-ESP8266
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_nbIOT.git|Contributed|Sodaq_nbIOT
https://github.com/SteveBenz/PS2KeyboardHost.git|Contributed|Ps2KeyboardHost
https://github.com/bitcraze/Bitcraze_PMW3901.git|Contributed|Bitcraze PMW3901
https://github.com/asukiaaa/MPU9250_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|MPU9250_asukiaaa
https://github.com/LeemanGeophysicalLLC/FIR_Filter_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|FIR filter
https://github.com/Isaac100/TMP36.git|Contributed|TMP36
https://github.com/andium/hueDino.git|Contributed|hueDino
https://github.com/VittorioEsposito/J1850-Arduino-Transceiver-Library.git|Contributed|J1850 Arduino Transceiver Library
https://github.com/Industruino/FRAM.git|Contributed|Fram
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Si7021_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Si7021 Humidity and Temperature Sensor
https://github.com/OpenBCI/OpenBCI_WIFI.git|Contributed|OpenBCI_Wifi
https://github.com/OpenBCI/OpenBCI_Wifi_Master_Library.git|Contributed|OpenBCI_Wifi_Master
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10ESP8266.git|Contributed|M10ESP8266
https://github.com/pololu/tic-arduino.git|Contributed|Tic
https://github.com/XasWorks/Circios-Library.git|Contributed|Circios Roboter-Steuerung
https://github.com/RobPo/Paperino.git|Contributed|PL_microEPD
https://github.com/OpenBCI/OpenBCI_Radios.git|Contributed|OpenBCI_Radios
https://github.com/cristborges/IRRemoteControl.git|Contributed|IRRemoteControl
https://github.com/evert-arias/LedSync.git|Contributed|LedSync
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_TSYS01_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube TSYS01
https://github.com/VernierST/VernierLib.git|Contributed|VernierLib
https://github.com/andium/AmazonDRS.git|Contributed|AmazonDRS
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Microchip_RN487x.git|Contributed|Microchip_RN487x
https://github.com/MileBuurmeijer/DS1307newAlarms.git|Contributed|DS1307newAlarms
https://github.com/tuanpmt/ESP8266MQTTClient.git|Contributed|ESP8266MQTTClient
https://github.com/Gibartes/uCOS-II_Arduino.git|Contributed|uCOS-II
https://github.com/tkem/mbino.git|Contributed|mbino
https://github.com/forkineye/ESPAsyncE131.git|Contributed|ESP Async E1.31
https://github.com/suculent/thinx-lib-esp8266-arduinoc.git|Contributed|THiNX
https://github.com/PushTheWorld/PTW-Arduino-Assert.git|Contributed|PTW-Arduino-Assert
https://github.com/bernebeer/Charge-n-Boost.git|Contributed|Charge n Boost
https://github.com/forkineye/E131.git|Contributed|E131
https://github.com/SMFSW/cQueue.git|Contributed|cQueue
https://github.com/stm32duino/STM32Ethernet.git|Contributed|STM32duino STM32Ethernet
https://github.com/stm32duino/LwIP.git|Contributed|STM32duino LwIP
https://github.com/SofaPirate/AsciiMassage.git|Contributed|AsciiMassage
https://github.com/paulo-raca/ArduinoLedDithering.git|Contributed|LED Dithering
https://github.com/TriadSemi/TS4231.git|Contributed|TS4231 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CCS811.git|Contributed|Adafruit CCS811 Library
https://github.com/erdnaxe/Arduino_BrushlessServo.git|Contributed|Brushless Servo
https://github.com/KuangLei/fDigitsSegtPin.git|Contributed|fDigitsSegtPin
https://github.com/rlogiacco/CircularBuffer.git|Contributed|CircularBuffer
https://github.com/jandelgado/jled.git|Contributed|JLed
https://github.com/lathoub/Arduino-AppleMidi-Library.git|Contributed|AppleMIDI
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10DTMF.git|Contributed|M10DTMF
https://github.com/TridentTD/TridentTD_SimplePair.git|Contributed|TridentTD_SimplePair
https://github.com/biagiom/AccessoryShield.git|Contributed|Accessory Shield
https://github.com/stm32duino/FatFs.git|Contributed|FatFs
https://github.com/stm32duino/STM32SD.git|Contributed|STM32duino STM32SD
https://github.com/SloCompTech/ByteConvert_arduino.git|Contributed|ByteConvert
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VL6180X.git|Contributed|Adafruit_VL6180X
https://github.com/DjamesSuhanko/bbPrinter.git|Contributed|PrinterDuino
https://github.com/tkem/CarreraDigitalControlUnit.git|Contributed|CarreraDigitalControlUnit
https://github.com/Skallwar/GSL1680.git|Contributed|GSL1680
https://github.com/Velleman/VMA11.git|Contributed|VMA11
https://github.com/h-c-c/Seven_Segment_Pixel.git|Contributed|Seven Segment Pixel
https://github.com/ChicagoRobotics/CRC_VCNL4200.git|Contributed|CRC VCNL4200 Library
https://github.com/szotsaki/LIS331.git|Contributed|LIS331
https://github.com/FatBeard/vbus-arduino-library.git|Contributed|vbus-arduino
https://github.com/dingusdk/arduinoihc.git|Contributed|ArduinoIHC
https://github.com/bluerobotics/BlueRobotics_KellerLD_Library.git|Contributed|BlueRobotics Keller LD Library
https://github.com/OpenBCI/OpenBCI_32bit_Library.git|Contributed|OpenBCI_32bit_Library
https://github.com/OpenBCI/OpenBCI_Ganglion_Library.git|Contributed|OpenBCI_Ganglion_Library
https://github.com/Velleman/ALLBOT-lib.git|Contributed|ALLBOT
https://github.com/vitcon-iot/VitconMQTT.git|Contributed|VitconMQTT
https://github.com/nkolban/ESP32_BLE_Arduino.git|Contributed|ESP32 BLE Arduino
https://github.com/philippG777/HP03S.git|Contributed|HP03S
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_APDS9960.git|Contributed|Adafruit APDS9960 Library
https://github.com/siteswapjuggler/RAMP.git|Contributed|Ramp
https://github.com/OpenBCI/OpenBCI_32bit_SD.git|Contributed|OpenBCI_32bit_SD
https://github.com/erdemarslan/GSMSim.git|Contributed|GSMSim
https://github.com/dersimn/ArduinoUnifiedLog.git|Contributed|Unified Log
https://github.com/NorthernWidget/Logger.git|Contributed|ALog
https://github.com/ThisSmartHouse/CoogleIOT.git|Contributed|CoogleIOT
https://github.com/olkal/LCD_ST7032.git|Contributed|LCD_ST7032
https://github.com/keyro90/AFArray.git|Contributed|AFArray
https://github.com/WPIRoboticsEngineering/ReactorProtocol.git|Contributed|ReactorProtocol
https://github.com/libEmGUI/emGUI-arduino.git|Contributed|emGUI
https://github.com/Annikken/Andee.git|Contributed|Andee
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8Quadrature.git|Contributed|XLR8Quadrature
https://github.com/FirstBuild/Relay.git|Contributed|FirstBuild - Relay
https://github.com/vdeconinck/QC3Control.git|Contributed|QC3Control
https://github.com/erow/Task.git|Contributed|EasyTask
https://github.com/blanu/codec2-arduino.git|Contributed|Codec2
https://github.com/charlesbaynham/OSFS.git|Contributed|OSFS
https://github.com/Erhan-MADE/StepperControl.git|Contributed|StepperControl
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Stack.git|Contributed|M5Stack
https://github.com/pseudoVella/shift7seg.git|Contributed|shift7seg
https://github.com/dingusdk/esp8266IHCSoapClient.git|Contributed|IHCSoapClient
https://github.com/stm32duino/SPBTLE-RF.git|Contributed|STM32duino SPBTLE-RF
https://github.com/stm32duino/MX25R6435F.git|Contributed|STM32duino MX25R6435F
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM6DS3.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM6DS3
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM6DS0.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM6DS0
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM303AGR.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM303AGR
https://github.com/stm32duino/LPS25HB.git|Contributed|STM32duino LPS25HB
https://github.com/stm32duino/HTS221.git|Contributed|STM32duino HTS221
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM6DSL.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM6DSL
https://github.com/stm32duino/LPS22HB.git|Contributed|STM32duino LPS22HB
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L0X.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L0X
https://github.com/stm32duino/LIS3MDL.git|Contributed|STM32duino LIS3MDL
https://github.com/cujomalainey/antplus-arduino.git|Contributed|ANTPLUS-Arduino
https://github.com/evert-arias/EasyBuzzer.git|Contributed|EasyBuzzer
https://github.com/Pharap/FixedPointsArduino.git|Contributed|FixedPoints
https://github.com/audeme/MOVIArduinoAPI.git|Contributed|MOVI Voice Dialog Shield
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_TCA9546A_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube TCA9546A
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Seesaw.git|Contributed|Adafruit seesaw Library
https://github.com/fu-hsi/PMS.git|Contributed|PMS Library
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8DigitalIO.git|Contributed|XLR8DigitalIO
https://github.com/maykon/ButtonDebounce.git|Contributed|ButtonDebounce
https://github.com/AIO-Javeriana/AIO-module-nodemcu-arduino.git|Contributed|AIOModule
https://github.com/JCWentzel/PolymorphicButtons.git|Contributed|Polymorphic Buttons
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AS726X_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun AS726X
https://github.com/shubhamtivedi95/UltraDistSensor.git|Contributed|UltraDistSensor
https://github.com/dparson55/NRFLite.git|Contributed|NRFLite
https://github.com/olkal/HX711_ADC.git|Contributed|HX711_ADC
https://github.com/lexus2k/ssd1306.git|Contributed|ssd1306
https://github.com/ploys/arduino-logger.git|Contributed|Log
https://github.com/neu-rah/Dump.git|Contributed|Dump
https://github.com/s00500/ESPUI.git|Contributed|ESPUI
https://github.com/jmparatte/jm_Pin.git|Contributed|jm_Pin
https://github.com/cmmakerclub/CMMC_LED.git|Contributed|CMMC_LED
https://github.com/arpruss/ADCTouchSensor.git|Contributed|ADCTouchSensor
https://github.com/foxel/arduino-noolite-tx.git|Contributed|noolite_tx
https://github.com/connornishijima/AlertMe.git|Contributed|AlertMe
https://github.com/pololu/xyzrobot-servo-arduino.git|Contributed|XYZrobotServo
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Microbit.git|Contributed|Adafruit microbit Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AMG88xx.git|Contributed|Adafruit AMG88xx Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BME680.git|Contributed|Adafruit BME680 Library
https://github.com/krpc/krpc-arduino.git|Contributed|kRPC
https://github.com/Jomelo/LCDMenuLib2.git|Contributed|LCDMenuLib2
https://github.com/Nkawu/TFT_22_ILI9225.git|Contributed|TFT_22_ILI9225
https://github.com/r-downing/AutoPID.git|Contributed|AutoPID
https://github.com/Geabong/ModbusRTUSlaveArduino.git|Contributed|ModbusRTU_Slave
https://github.com/witnessmenow/BPLib.git|Contributed|BPLib
https://github.com/r-downing/SPIFFSReadServer.git|Contributed|SPIFFSReadServer
https://github.com/bluemurder/DS1624.git|Contributed|DS1624
https://github.com/martin-leo/KeyboardAzertyFr.git|Contributed|KeyboardAzertyFr
https://bitbucket.org/geekfactory/shell.git|Contributed|GeekFactory Shell Library
https://github.com/beetlikeyg087/MFUthings.git|Contributed|MFUthings
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10Examples.git|Contributed|M10Examples
https://bitbucket.org/geekfactory/gfbutton.git|Contributed|GFButton
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_SHT31D_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube SHT31D
https://github.com/r-downing/PersWiFiManager.git|Contributed|PersWiFiManager
https://gitlab.com/arduino-libraries/stens-timer.git|Contributed|StensTimer
https://github.com/thomasfredericks/wemos_matrix_gfx.git|Contributed|Wemos Matrix Adafruit GFX
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SGP30.git|Contributed|Adafruit SGP30 Sensor
https://github.com/The-STEAM-Train/STEAMbot.git|Contributed|STEAMbot
https://github.com/ayushsharma82/ESP-DASH.git|Contributed|ESP-DASH
https://github.com/r-downing/EasySSDP.git|Contributed|EasySSDP
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_UISwitch.git|Contributed|MD_UISwitch
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_BME680_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube BME680
https://github.com/andatche/arduino-lcd03.git|Contributed|LCD03
https://github.com/Strabox/Easyuino.git|Contributed|Easyuino
https://github.com/SofaPirate/SlipMassage.git|Contributed|SlipMassage
https://github.com/ppedro74/Arduino-SerialCommands.git|Contributed|SerialCommands
https://github.com/michaelkamprath/ShiftRegisterLEDMatrixLib.git|Contributed|Shift Register LED Matrix Lib
https://github.com/neman-io/Bleeper.git|Contributed|Bleeper
https://github.com/jeroenvermeulen/JeVe_EasyOTA.git|Contributed|JeVe_EasyOTA
https://github.com/jrullan/StateMachine.git|Contributed|StateMachine
https://github.com/fatpat/arduino-dra818.git|Contributed|DRA818
https://github.com/pololu/dual-g2-high-power-motor-shield.git|Contributed|DualG2HighPowerMotorShield
https://github.com/jandrassy/UnoWiFiDevEdSerial1.git|Contributed|Uno WiFi Developer Edition Serial1
https://github.com/SethSenpai/singleLEDLibrary.git|Contributed|Single LED Library
https://github.com/DaAwesomeP/dmxusb.git|Contributed|DMXUSB
https://github.com/jonathanedgecombe/absmouse.git|Contributed|absmouse
https://github.com/stm32duino/Proximity_Gesture.git|Contributed|STM32duino Proximity Gesture
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL6180X.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL6180X
https://github.com/stm32duino/M24SR64-Y.git|Contributed|STM32duino M24SR64-Y
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IKS01A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IKS01A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IKS01A2.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IKS01A2
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-6180XA1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-6180XA1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-53L0A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-53L0A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-NFC01A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-NFC01A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-NFC04A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-NFC04A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IDB05A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IDB05A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-LED61A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-LED61A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IKA01A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IKA01A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IHM02A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IHM02A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/WiFi-ISM43362-M3G-L44.git|Contributed|STM32duino ISM43362-M3G-L44
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SSD1320_OLED_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Flexible Grayscale OLED Breakout
https://github.com/arpruss/GameControllersSTM32.git|Contributed|NintendoControllersSTM32
https://github.com/SeeedJP/WioLTEforArduino.git|Contributed|Wio LTE for Arduino
https://github.com/SMFSW/sarmfsw.git|Contributed|sarmfsw
https://github.com/sadika9/TFTLCD-SPFD5408.git|Contributed|SPFD5408 TFT Library
https://gitlab.com/dariusmihai/Arduino_Lib_MorePins.git|Contributed|MorePins
https://github.com/loginov-rocks/UbxGps.git|Contributed|UbxGps
https://github.com/s00500/SimpleExpressions.git|Contributed|SimpleExpressions
https://github.com/DimitriGilbert/RGBProgress.git|Contributed|RGBProgress
https://github.com/jeremylindsayni/Bifrost.Arduino.Sensors.HCSR04.git|Contributed|Bifrost library for HC-SR04
https://github.com/suculent/thinx-firmware-esp32.git|Contributed|THiNX32
https://github.com/suculent/esp32-http-update.git|Contributed|ESP32httpUpdate
https://github.com/thehapyone/BareBoneSim800.git|Contributed|BareBoneSim800
https://github.com/Locoduino/Accessories.git|Contributed|Accessories
https://github.com/Locoduino/Commanders.git|Contributed|Commanders
https://github.com/Locoduino/DIO2.git|Contributed|DIO2
https://github.com/Locoduino/LcdUi.git|Contributed|LcdUi
https://github.com/Locoduino/EEPROMExtent.git|Contributed|EEPROMextent
https://github.com/Locoduino/MemoryUsage.git|Contributed|MemoryUsage
https://github.com/Locoduino/DCCpp.git|Contributed|DCCpp
https://github.com/Locoduino/DcDccNanoController.git|Contributed|DcDccNanoController
https://github.com/Velleman/K1200.git|Contributed|K1200
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/DHTesp.git|Contributed|DHT sensor library for ESPx
https://github.com/opensensinglab/tfmini.git|Contributed|TFMini
https://github.com/pholmes2012/Simple_FRAM_FileSystem.git|Contributed|SFFS
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Si7021.git|Contributed|Adafruit Si7021 Library
https://github.com/bengtmartensson/ABeacon.git|Contributed|Beacon
https://github.com/matthewg42/Mutila.git|Contributed|Mutila
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-sht.git|Contributed|arduino-sht
https://github.com/agdl/WireUpdate.git|Contributed|WireUpdate
https://github.com/kosme/fix_fft.git|Contributed|fix_fft
https://bitbucket.org/teckel12/arduino-new-ping.git|Contributed|NewPing
https://github.com/sandeepmistry/arduino-CAN.git|Contributed|CAN
https://github.com/arpruss/USBHID_stm32f1.git|Contributed|USBHID
https://github.com/bengtmartensson/AGirs.git|Contributed|AGirs
https://github.com/Hieromon/PageBuilder.git|Contributed|PageBuilder
https://github.com/MikeDombo/HV518_Arduino.git|Contributed|HV518
https://github.com/narinaviation/iBotX.git|Contributed|iBotX
https://github.com/athombv/homey-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Homeyduino
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VCNL4010.git|Contributed|Adafruit_VCNL4010
https://github.com/jandelgado/log4arduino.git|Contributed|log4arduino
https://github.com/NatanBiesmans/Arduino-POST-HTTP-Parser.git|Contributed|Arduino POST HTTP Parser
https://github.com/BoodskapPlatform/BoodskapTransceiver.git|Contributed|BoodskapTransceiver
https://github.com/Spirik/GEM.git|Contributed|GEM
https://github.com/merlinschumacher/Basecamp.git|Contributed|Basecamp
https://github.com/WorldFamousElectronics/PulseSensorPlayground.git|Contributed|PulseSensor Playground
https://github.com/Neosegment/Arduino.git|Contributed|Neosegment
https://github.com/chipKIT32-libraries/RN487x.git|Contributed|RN487x
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_AD9833.git|Contributed|MD_AD9833
https://github.com/JChristensen/MCP9800.git|Contributed|MCP9800
https://github.com/SandeepanSengupta/miniDAC-library.git|Contributed|miniDAC
https://github.com/chunkysteveo/OctoPrintAPI.git|Contributed|OctoPrintAPI
https://github.com/avandalen/VirtualDelay.git|Contributed|avdweb_VirtualDelay
https://github.com/SofaPirate/Plaquette.git|Contributed|Plaquette
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_GridEYE_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun GridEYE AMG88 Library
https://github.com/JChristensen/DS3232RTC.git|Contributed|DS3232RTC
https://github.com/tofuman0/PCA9505_06.git|Contributed|PCA9505_06 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ZeroDMA.git|Contributed|Adafruit Zero DMA Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ZeroPDM.git|Contributed|Adafruit Zero PDM Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ZeroFFT.git|Contributed|Adafruit Zero FFT Library
https://github.com/jeremycole/TI_TCA9548A.git|Contributed|TI TCA9548A
https://github.com/jeremycole/AllSensors_DLHR.git|Contributed|AllSensors DLHR
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MLX90632_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MLX90632 Noncontact Infrared Temperature Sensor
https://github.com/JChristensen/Timezone.git|Contributed|Timezone
https://github.com/JChristensen/MCP9808.git|Contributed|MCP9808
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BNO080_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BNO080 Cortex Based IMU
https://github.com/cloud4rpi/cloud4rpi-esp-arduino.git|Contributed|cloud4rpi-esp-arduino
https://github.com/avandalen/avdweb_FreqPeriodCounter.git|Contributed|FreqPeriodCounter
https://github.com/fterrier/dwarf433.git|Contributed|dwarf433
https://github.com/DhrBaksteen/ArduinoOPL2.git|Contributed|Arduino OPL2
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VEML6070.git|Contributed|Adafruit VEML6070 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CompositeVideo.git|Contributed|Adafruit composite video Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AMRadio.git|Contributed|Adafruit AM radio library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_FreeTouch.git|Contributed|Adafruit FreeTouch Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_NeoPixel_ZeroDMA.git|Contributed|Adafruit DMA neopixel library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_NeoMatrix_ZeroDMA.git|Contributed|Adafruit NeoMatrix ZeroDMA library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ZeroTimer.git|Contributed|Adafruit ZeroTimer Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_DAP.git|Contributed|Adafruit DAP library
https://github.com/hunsalz/log4Esp.git|Contributed|log4Esp
https://github.com/stblassitude/Adafruit_SSD1306_Wemos_OLED.git|Contributed|Adafruit SSD1306 Wemos Mini OLED
https://github.com/henriksod/Fabrik2DArduino.git|Contributed|Fabrik2D
https://github.com/AIS-DeviceInnovation/AIS_NB_BC95.git|Contributed|AIS_NB_BC95
https://github.com/avdwebLibraries/avdweb_Switch.git|Contributed|Switch
https://github.com/etherkit/MorseArduino.git|Contributed|Etherkit Morse
https://github.com/stm32duino/STM32FreeRTOS.git|Contributed|STM32duino FreeRTOS
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-NFC03A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-NFC03A1
https://github.com/jakerabid/WiFiManager.git|Contributed|WhareHauoraWiFiManager
https://github.com/MattFryer/Board_Identify.git|Contributed|Board Identify
https://github.com/cmmakerclub/CMMC_Interval.git|Contributed|CMMC_Interval
https://github.com/reven/Unistep2.git|Contributed|Unistep2
https://github.com/denxhun/TFA433.git|Contributed|TFA 433 Receiver
https://github.com/TriadSemi/TS8000.git|Contributed|TS8000 Library
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_LPS22HB.git|Contributed|Sodaq_LPS22HB
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_HTS221.git|Contributed|Sodaq_HTS221
https://github.com/udoklein/MLX90393_raw.git|Contributed|MLX90393_raw
https://github.com/Floessie/frt.git|Contributed|frt
https://github.com/bxparks/AceButton.git|Contributed|AceButton
https://github.com/Nredor/ESPNexUpload.git|Contributed|ESPNexUpload
https://github.com/ethanjli/linear-position-control.git|Contributed|Linear Position Control
https://github.com/YuriiSalimov/NTC_Thermistor.git|Contributed|NTC_Thermistor
https://github.com/uStepper/egoShieldTimeLapse.git|Contributed|egoShieldTimeLapse
https://github.com/uStepper/egoShieldTeach.git|Contributed|egoShieldTeach
https://github.com/cmmakerclub/CMMC_NB-IoT.git|Contributed|CMMC_NB-IoT
https://github.com/jeremycole/Temperature_LM75_Derived.git|Contributed|I2C Temperature Sensors derived from the LM75
https://github.com/BlueDot-Arduino/BlueDot_BME280_TSL2591.git|Contributed|BlueDot BME280 TSL2591
https://github.com/YuriiSalimov/RelayModule.git|Contributed|RelayModule
https://github.com/joba-1/Joba_Tsl2561.git|Contributed|Joba Tsl2561 Library
https://github.com/avandalen/avdweb_SAMDtimer.git|Contributed|avdweb_SAMDtimer
https://github.com/ROBOTIS-GIT/DynamixelShield.git|Contributed|DynamixelShield
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_LSM303AGR.git|Contributed|Sodaq_LSM303AGR
https://github.com/cmmakerclub/CMMC-Packet.git|Contributed|CMMC Packet
https://github.com/jspayneco/Debugger.git|Contributed|Debugger
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ADXL345_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ADXL345 Arduino Library
https://github.com/YuriiSalimov/MAX6675_Thermocouple.git|Contributed|MAX6675_Thermocouple
https://github.com/jbliesener/FlightSimSwitches.git|Contributed|FlightSimSwitches
https://github.com/dniklaus/arduino-display-lcdkeypad.git|Contributed|arduino-display-lcdkeypad
https://github.com/robojay/_2020Bot_Library.git|Contributed|_2020Bot_Library
https://github.com/JChristensen/tinySPI.git|Contributed|tinySPI
https://github.com/jeremycole/AllSensors_DLV.git|Contributed|AllSensors DLV
https://github.com/tomstewart89/StateSpaceControl.git|Contributed|StateSpaceControl
https://github.com/planetk/ArduinoFritzApi.git|Contributed|ArduinoFritzApi
https://github.com/byteAgenten/ArduinoArcherPanelClient.git|Contributed|ArduinoArcherPanelClient
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_TMP116_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube TMP116
https://github.com/Naguissa/uTimerLib.git|Contributed|uTimerLib
https://github.com/LowPowerLab/SPIFlash.git|Contributed|SPIFlash_LowPowerLab
https://github.com/YuriiSalimov/AxisJoystick.git|Contributed|AxisJoystick
https://github.com/Naguissa/uSevenSegmentLib.git|Contributed|uSevenSegmentLib
https://github.com/Locoduino/SlowMotionServo.git|Contributed|SlowMotionServo
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8USB.git|Contributed|XLR8USB
https://github.com/greiman/SSD1306Ascii.git|Contributed|SSD1306Ascii
https://github.com/amperka/TroykaDHT.git|Contributed|TroykaDHT
https://bitbucket.org/amotzek/cooperative-multitasking.git|Contributed|Cooperative Multitasking
https://bitbucket.org/amotzek/mqtt-client.git|Contributed|MQTT Client
https://github.com/cesarvandevelde/HerkulexServo.git|Contributed|HerkulexServo
https://github.com/Naguissa/uMFMLib.git|Contributed|uMFMLib
https://github.com/YuriiSalimov/YK04_Module.git|Contributed|YK04_Module
https://github.com/Dafulai/DFL168A_Async.git|Contributed|DFL168A_Async
https://github.com/ImpulseAdventure/GUIslice.git|Contributed|GUIslice
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_OpenLog_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic OpenLog
https://github.com/iotappstory/ESP-Library.git|Contributed|IOTAppStory-ESP
https://github.com/Gamebuino/Gamebuino-Classic.git|Contributed|Gamebuino Classic
https://github.com/Gamebuino/Gamebuino-Meta.git|Contributed|Gamebuino META
https://github.com/blinker-iot/blinker-library.git|Contributed|Blinker
https://github.com/avandalen/avdweb_AnalogReadFast.git|Contributed|avdweb_AnalogReadFast
https://github.com/Gemelon/Pushbutton.git|Contributed|Gemelon Pushbutton
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AM2320.git|Contributed|Adafruit AM2320 sensor library
https://github.com/stm32duino/STM32Examples.git|Contributed|STM32duino Examples
https://github.com/stm32duino/I-NUCLEO-LRWAN1.git|Contributed|STM32duino I-NUCLEO-LRWAN1
https://github.com/ewpa/MAX3100Serial.git|Contributed|MAX3100 Serial
https://github.com/iamthechad/parallax_lcd.git|Contributed|Parallax LCD
https://github.com/PhracturedBlue/ESP8266MQTTMesh.git|Contributed|ESP8266 MQTT Mesh
https://github.com/Annikken/Andee101.git|Contributed|Andee101
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_RV-1805_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic RTC RV1805 Arduino Library
https://github.com/wilmouths/RGBLed.git|Contributed|RGB
https://github.com/schlingensiepen/TelegramBotClient.git|Contributed|TelegramBotClient
https://github.com/Dafulai/DFL168A-Sync-Library.git|Contributed|DFL168A_Sync
https://github.com/gamgine/Arduino-lib-HCSR04.git|Contributed|HCSR04 ultrasonic sensor
https://github.com/madhephaestus/SimplePacketComs.git|Contributed|SimplePacketComs
https://github.com/i3water/Blinker_PMSX003ST.git|Contributed|Blinker_PMSX003ST
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_UBlox_GPS.git|Contributed|Sodaq_UBlox_GPS
https://github.com/Tockn/MPU6050_tockn.git|Contributed|MPU6050_tockn
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10SevenSeg.git|Contributed|M10SevenSeg
https://github.com/jefersonla/ArduinoLang.git|Contributed|ArduinoLang
https://gitlab.com/zaber-core-libs/zaber-binary-for-arduino.git|Contributed|Zaber Binary
https://gitlab.com/zaber-core-libs/zaber-ascii-for-arduino.git|Contributed|Zaber ASCII
https://github.com/sparkfun/Fingerprint_Scanner-TTL.git|Contributed|Fingerprint Scanner TTL
https://github.com/amperpirat/MAX77650-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|MAX77650-Arduino-Library
https://github.com/horihiro/esp8266-google-tts.git|Contributed|esp8266-google-tts
https://github.com/bxparks/AUnit.git|Contributed|AUnit
https://github.com/ekkai/PMsensor.git|Contributed|PMsensor
https://github.com/Hieromon/AutoConnect.git|Contributed|AutoConnect
https://github.com/kd8bxp/Word100.git|Contributed|Word100 Library
https://github.com/pololu/zumo-shield-arduino-library.git|Contributed|ZumoShield
https://github.com/madhephaestus/EspWii.git|Contributed|EspWii
https://github.com/jwrw/ESP_EEPROM.git|Contributed|ESP_EEPROM
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Wio_GPS_Board.git|Contributed|Seeed Wio GPS Board
https://github.com/Isaranu/PointzNet.git|Contributed|PointzNet
https://github.com/SlashDevin/NeoBufferedPrint.git|Contributed|NeoBufferedPrint
https://github.com/hideakitai/ArduinoOSC.git|Contributed|ArduinoOSC
https://github.com/remicaumette/esp8266-redis.git|Contributed|Redis for ESP8266
https://github.com/hippymulehead/RARGBLED.git|Contributed|Romans Audio RARGBLED Library
https://github.com/tobozo/M5Stack-SD-Updater.git|Contributed|M5Stack-SD-Updater
https://github.com/CuriosityGym/MotorDriver.git|Contributed|Motor Driver Library
https://github.com/EdgeiLAB/libedge.git|Contributed|libedge
https://github.com/shurillu/CTBot.git|Contributed|CTBot
https://github.com/Locoduino/ScheduleTable.git|Contributed|ScheduleTable
https://github.com/ubidots/ubidots-mqtt-esp.git|Contributed|Ubidots MQTT for ESP8266
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10LCD.git|Contributed|M10LCD
https://github.com/PulseRain/M10PS2.git|Contributed|M10PS2
https://github.com/olikraus/U8g2_for_Adafruit_GFX.git|Contributed|U8g2_for_Adafruit_GFX
https://github.com/gmag11/WifiLocation.git|Contributed|WifiLocation
https://github.com/stm32duino/FP_Examples.git|Contributed|STM32duino FP_Examples
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Barometer_Sensor.git|Contributed|Grove Barometer Sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/OLED_Display_96X96.git|Contributed|OLED Display 96x96
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_IMU_9DOF.git|Contributed|Grove IMU 9DOF
https://github.com/fredilarsen/ModuleInterface.git|Contributed|ModuleInterface
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_3_Axis_Compass_V2.0_BMM150.git|Contributed|Grove 3Axis Compass V2.0 BMM150
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Gesture_PAJ7620.git|Contributed|Gesture PAJ7620
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Ethernet_Shield_W5200.git|Contributed|Ethernet_Shield_W5200
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_CAN.git|Contributed|CAN_BUS_Shield
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Digital_Infrared_Temperature_Sensor_MLX90615.git|Contributed|Digital Infrared Temperature Sensor MLX90615
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Accelerometer_MMA7660.git|Contributed|Accelerometer_MMA7660
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Accelerometer_H3LIS331DL.git|Contributed|Accelerometer_H3LIS331DL
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_LSM6DS3.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino LSM6DS3
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Accelerometer_ADXL335.git|Contributed|Accelerometer ADXL335
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Accelerometer_ADXL345.git|Contributed|Accelerometer ADXL345
https://github.com/drewfish/arduino-ZeroRegs.git|Contributed|ZeroRegs
https://github.com/Simsso/ShiftRegister74HC595.git|Contributed|ShiftRegister74HC595
https://github.com/Locoduino/LightDimmer.git|Contributed|LightDimmer
https://github.com/romkey/IFTTTWebhook.git|Contributed|IFTTTWebhook
https://github.com/JChristensen/movingAvg.git|Contributed|movingAvg
https://github.com/pololu/dual-max14870-motor-shield.git|Contributed|DualMAX14870MotorShield
https://github.com/dersimn/ArduinoPubSubClientTools.git|Contributed|PubSubClientTools
https://github.com/zharijs/FDC2214.git|Contributed|FDC2214
https://github.com/jpraus/arduino-opentherm.git|Contributed|Opentherm
https://github.com/jorgemvc/S4ALib.git|Contributed|S4ALib
https://github.com/danja/TM1638lite.git|Contributed|TM1638lite
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LSM9DS1.git|Contributed|Adafruit LSM9DS1 Library
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_I2C_Color_Sensor.git|Contributed|Grove - I2C Color Sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_HighTemp_Sensor.git|Contributed|Grove - High Temperature Sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_High_Precision_RTC_PCF85063TP.git|Contributed|Grove - High Precision RTC
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Ultrasonic_Ranger.git|Contributed|Grove Ultrasonic Ranger
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Haptic_Motor.git|Contributed|Grove - Haptic Motor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Digital_Light_Sensor.git|Contributed|Grove - Digital Light Sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Chainable_RGB_LED.git|Contributed|Grove - Chainable RGB LED
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Barometer_HP20x.git|Contributed|Grove barometer HP20x
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Air_quality_Sensor.git|Contributed|Grove - Air quality sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_6Axis_Accelerometer_And_Compass_v2.git|Contributed|Grove - 6Axis Accelerometer And Compass v2
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_4Digital_Display.git|Contributed|Grove 4-Digit Display
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_3Axis_Digital_Compass_HMC5883L.git|Contributed|Grove 3-Axis Digital Compass HMC5883L
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_3_Axis_Digital_Gyro.git|Contributed|Grove 3-Axis Digital Gyro
https://github.com/dgduncan/SevenSegment.git|Contributed|Seven Segment Library
https://github.com/JChristensen/MCP79412RTC.git|Contributed|MCP79412RTC
https://github.com/platisd/nokia-5110-lcd-library.git|Contributed|Nokia 5110 LCD library
https://gitlab.com/painlessMesh/painlessMesh.git|Contributed|Painless Mesh
https://github.com/madhephaestus/ESP32Servo.git|Contributed|ESP32Servo
https://github.com/elhayra/Strober.git|Contributed|Strober
https://github.com/elhayra/SandTimer.git|Contributed|SandTimer
https://github.com/elhayra/MilliStopper.git|Contributed|MilliStopper
https://github.com/mike-matera/FastPID.git|Contributed|FastPID
https://github.com/ettoreleandrotognoli/ArcPID.git|Contributed|ArcPID
https://github.com/nathanRamaNoodles/MusicWithoutDelay-LIbrary.git|Contributed|MusicWithoutDelay
https://github.com/eagleSIA/eBoard.git|Contributed|eBoard shackle the Arduino
https://github.com/ssilverman/TeensyDMX.git|Contributed|TeensyDMX
https://github.com/slavaza/Thread.git|Contributed|Thread
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_VL53L1X_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun VL53L1X 4m Laser Distance Sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Music_Shield.git|Contributed|Music Shield
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Mutichannel_Gas_Sensor.git|Contributed|Grove - Multichannel Gas Sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/NFC_Tag_M24LR6E.git|Contributed|NFC Tag M24LR6E
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/OLED_Display_128X64.git|Contributed|Grove - OLED Display 0.96
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/RFID_Library.git|Contributed|Grove - 125KHz RFID Reader
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/RTC_DS1307.git|Contributed|Grove - RTC DS1307
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_QTouch.git|Contributed|Grove - Q Touch Sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/SeeedMotorShieldV2.git|Contributed|Motor Shield V2.0
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeeduino_GPRS.git|Contributed|Seeeduino GPRS
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Small_ePaper_Shield.git|Contributed|Small e-paper Shield V2
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/TFT_Touch_Shield_V1.git|Contributed|TFT Touch Shield V1.0
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/TFT_Touch_Shield_V2.git|Contributed|TFT Touch Shield v2.0
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Touch_Screen_Driver.git|Contributed|Touch Screen Driver
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Wio_LTE_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Wio LTE Arduino Library
https://github.com/hippymulehead/FastDigitalPin.git|Contributed|Romans Audio FastDigitalPin Library
https://github.com/bluemurder/EveryTimer.git|Contributed|EveryTimer
https://github.com/bluemurder/esp8266-ping.git|Contributed|ESP8266-ping
https://github.com/Isaranu/IoTtweetNBIoT.git|Contributed|IoTtweetNBIoT
https://github.com/stechio/arduino-ad-mux-lib.git|Contributed|Analog-Digital Multiplexers
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_I2C_Motor_Driver_v1_3.git|Contributed|Grove I2C Motor Driver v1.3
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_LCD_RGB_Backlight.git|Contributed|Grove - LCD RGB Backlight
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_LED_Bar.git|Contributed|Grove LED Bar
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_LED_Matrix_Driver.git|Contributed|Grove - LED Matrix Driver
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_LoRa_433MHz_and_915MHz_RF.git|Contributed|Grove - LoRa Radio 433MHz 868MHz
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Mini_Track_Ball.git|Contributed|Grove Mini Track Ball
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_SHT31_Temp_Humi_Sensor.git|Contributed|Grove SHT31 Temp Humi Sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Sunlight_Sensor.git|Contributed|Grove - Sunlight Sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Temper_Humidity_TH02.git|Contributed|Grove Temper Humidity TH02
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Temperature_And_Humidity_Sensor.git|Contributed|Grove Temperature And Humidity Sensor
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Hercules_Motor_Driver.git|Contributed|Hercules Dual 15A 6-20V Motor Controller
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/IRSendRev.git|Contributed|Grove - Infrared Receiver And Emitter
https://github.com/UnexpectedMaker/Neo7Segment.git|Contributed|Neo7Segment
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_BMP280.git|Contributed|Grove - Barometer Sensor BMP280
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_BME280.git|Contributed|Grove - Barometer Sensor BME280
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-iot-arduino.git|Contributed|Google Cloud IoT Core JWT
https://github.com/tobozo/ESP8266SDUpdater.git|Contributed|ESP8266SDUpdater
https://github.com/Naguissa/uCRC16BPBLib.git|Contributed|uCRC16BPBLib
https://github.com/Naguissa/uCRC16Lib.git|Contributed|uCRC16Lib
https://github.com/denyssene/SimpleKalmanFilter.git|Contributed|SimpleKalmanFilter
https://github.com/mimeindustries/Marceau.git|Contributed|Marceau
https://github.com/justplaysoftware/EduShield2.git|Contributed|EduShield-2 Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_WiseChip_HUD_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun WiseChip HUD
https://github.com/jorgemvc/MotoMamaLib.git|Contributed|MotoMama Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_VCNL4040_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun VCNL4040 Proximity Sensor Library
https://github.com/Protocentral/Protocentral_MAX30205.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral MAX30205 Body Temperature Sensor Library
https://github.com/amperka/TroykaThermometer.git|Contributed|TroykaThermometer
https://github.com/tommag/PCM51xx_Arduino.git|Contributed|PCM51xx DAC
https://github.com/VMinute/RootCertificates.git|Contributed|RootCertificates
https://github.com/Protocentral/ProtoCentral_fdc1004_breakout.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral FDC1004 Capacitive Sensor Library
https://github.com/amperka/TroykaGPS.git|Contributed|TroykaGPS
https://github.com/ssilverman/libCBOR.git|Contributed|libCBOR
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MS5637_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MS5637 Barometric Pressure Library
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-PetriNet.git|Contributed|PetriNetLib
https://github.com/nickkoza/animately.git|Contributed|Animately
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/HDC1000.git|Contributed|Grove - Temperature And Humidity Sensor HDC1000
https://github.com/toxnico/Timer.git|Contributed|DMTimer
https://github.com/amperka/TroykaLight.git|Contributed|TroykaLight
https://github.com/simonmonk/arduino_TEA5767.git|Contributed|ArduinoTEA5767
https://github.com/jandrassy/StreamLib.git|Contributed|StreamLib
https://github.com/M-Reimer/USBStatus.git|Contributed|USBStatus
https://github.com/TridentTD/TridentTD_LineNotify.git|Contributed|TridentTD_Linenotify
https://github.com/Locoduino/RingBuffer.git|Contributed|RingBuffer
https://github.com/SeeedJP/Wio_3G_for_Arduino.git|Contributed|Wio 3G for Arduino
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-ess.git|Contributed|arduino-ess
https://github.com/zoubworldArduino/Zeeprom.git|Contributed|ZEeprom
https://github.com/zoubworldArduino/ZEncoder.git|Contributed|ZEncoder
https://github.com/zoubworldArduino/ZSharpIR.git|Contributed|ZSharpIR Library
https://github.com/zoubworldArduino/Zmotor3.git|Contributed|ZMotor3Library
https://github.com/zoubworldArduino/ZMotor2.git|Contributed|ZMotor2 Library
https://github.com/zoubworldArduino/ZMCP23017.git|Contributed|ZMCP23017 Library
https://github.com/zoubworldArduino/ZPCA9685.git|Contributed|ZPCA9685 Library
https://github.com/zoubworldArduino/WireUtility.git|Contributed|WireUtility Library
https://github.com/zoubworldArduino/PinExtender.git|Contributed|PinExtender Library
https://github.com/zoubworldArduino/ZCmdMotor.git|Contributed|ZcmdMotor Library
https://github.com/ubidots/ubidots-arduino-yun.git|Contributed|Ubidots Arduino YUN
https://github.com/pololu/jrk-g2-arduino.git|Contributed|JrkG2
https://github.com/ssilverman/LiteOSCParser.git|Contributed|LiteOSCParser
https://github.com/toxnico/DMOscillator.git|Contributed|DMOscillator
https://github.com/patou01/HC-SR04.git|Contributed|Ultrasonic_hc_sr04
https://github.com/horihiro/esp8266-google-home-notifier.git|Contributed|esp8266-google-home-notifier
https://github.com/LowPowerLab/RFM69.git|Contributed|RFM69_LowPowerLab
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BH1749NUC_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BH1749NUC Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_PCA9536_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun PCA9536 Arduino Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TouchScreen.git|Contributed|Adafruit TouchScreen
https://github.com/jbliesener/FlightSimOutputs.git|Contributed|FlightSimOutputs
https://github.com/lewapek/sds-dust-sensors-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Nova Fitness Sds dust sensors library
https://github.com/jenscski/DoubleResetDetect.git|Contributed|DoubleResetDetect
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8HardwareSerial.git|Contributed|XLR8HardwareSerial
https://github.com/gbrd/arduino-teleinfo.git|Contributed|Teleinfo
https://github.com/kitesurfer1404/WS2812FX.git|Contributed|WS2812FX
https://github.com/JChristensen/JC_Button.git|Contributed|JC_Button
https://github.com/amperka/TroykaAccelerometer.git|Contributed|TroykaAccelerometer
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8Wire.git|Contributed|XLR8Wire
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8AddrPack.git|Contributed|XLR8AddrPack
https://github.com/Marzogh/SPIMemory.git|Contributed|SPIMemory
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acan.git|Contributed|ACAN
https://github.com/just-oblivious/arduino-ibustrx.git|Contributed|IbusTrx
https://github.com/Tvde1/ConfigTool.git|Contributed|ConfigTool
https://github.com/stemi-education/stemi-hexapod.git|Contributed|stemi-hexapod
https://github.com/jaean123/DeadReckoning-library.git|Contributed|DeadReckoning-library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_VEML6075_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun VEML6075 Arduino Library
https://github.com/madhephaestus/TeensySimplePacketComs.git|Contributed|TeensySimplePacketComs
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SCD30_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SCD30 Arduino Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_NeoPXL8.git|Contributed|Adafruit NeoPXL8
https://github.com/lucasromeiro/DropboxManager.git|Contributed|DropboxManager
https://github.com/Tvde1/WiFiPicker.git|Contributed|WiFi Picker
https://github.com/toxnico/DMStepper.git|Contributed|DMStepper
https://github.com/kosme/timestamp32bits.git|Contributed|timestamp32bits
https://github.com/jaean123/SnappyXO-PreciseMovement-library.git|Contributed|SnappyXO-PreciseMovement-library
https://github.com/goncalomb/KeyMatrix.git|Contributed|KeyMatrix
https://github.com/end2endzone/NonBlockingRTTTL.git|Contributed|NonBlockingRTTTL
https://github.com/pololu/vl53l1x-arduino.git|Contributed|VL53L1X
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LPS25HB_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LPS25HB Pressure Sensor Library
https://github.com/eNBeWe/MiCS6814-I2C-Library.git|Contributed|MiCS6814-I2C
https://github.com/YuriiSalimov/AD_Sensors.git|Contributed|AD_Sensors
https://github.com/fitzterra/ServoOsc.git|Contributed|ServoOsc
https://github.com/agmangas/SerialRFID.git|Contributed|SerialRFID
https://github.com/BlueAndi/vscp-arduino.git|Contributed|VSCP
https://github.com/arpruss/vectordisplayarduino.git|Contributed|VectorDisplay
https://github.com/schinken/PPMEncoder.git|Contributed|PPMEncoder
https://github.com/QuadrifoglioVerde/DL_PAC_NK76.git|Contributed|DL_PAC_NK76
https://github.com/lecsDragos/Arduino_SegmentDisplay_CD4511B.git|Contributed|CD4511B Seven Segment Display Driver
https://github.com/ihormelnyk/opentherm_library.git|Contributed|OpenTherm Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_LED_Stick_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic LED Stick Library
https://github.com/HullabalooRobotics/Hyperduino-Library.git|Contributed|Hyperduino Library
https://github.com/wilmouths/LM35.git|Contributed|LM35 Sensor
https://github.com/Annikken/AndeeMobile.git|Contributed|AndeeMobile
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_MAXPanel.git|Contributed|MD_MAXPanel
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/UbidotsXLR8.git|Contributed|UbidotsXLR8
https://github.com/slavaza/SuperButton.git|Contributed|SuperButton
https://github.com/garmin/LIDARLite_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|LIDAR-Lite
https://github.com/elkrem/koyn.git|Contributed|Koyn
https://github.com/Protocentral/Protocentral_ADS1220.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral ADS1220 24-bit ADC Library
https://github.com/CytronTechnologies/Cytron_Servo_Shield_Library.git|Contributed|Cytron Servo Shield
https://github.com/RoboticsBrno/ArduinoLearningKitStarter-library.git|Contributed|ArduinoLearningKitStarter
https://github.com/maxpautsch/SvgParser.git|Contributed|SvgParser
https://github.com/madhephaestus/Esp32SimplePacketComs.git|Contributed|Esp32SimplePacketComs
https://github.com/taligentx/dscKeybusInterface.git|Contributed|DSC Keybus Interface
https://github.com/stm32duino/STM32RTC.git|Contributed|STM32duino RTC
https://github.com/stm32duino/STM32LowPower.git|Contributed|STM32duino Low Power
https://github.com/qub1750ul/Arduino_HTTP.git|Contributed|HTTP
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ZeroI2S.git|Contributed|Adafruit Zero I2S Library
https://github.com/durydevelop/arduino-lib-oled.git|Contributed|OLED SSD1306 - SH1106
https://github.com/mozilla-iot/webthing-arduino.git|Contributed|webthing-arduino
https://github.com/amirchev/VariableTimedAction.git|Contributed|VariableTimedAction
https://github.com/hackair-project/hackAir-Arduino.git|Contributed|hackAIR
https://github.com/maxpautsch/mPower.git|Contributed|mPower
https://github.com/xoseperez/eeprom32_rotate.git|Contributed|EEPROM32_Rotate
https://github.com/xoseperez/eeprom_rotate.git|Contributed|EEPROM_Rotate
https://github.com/xoseperez/justwifi.git|Contributed|JustWifi
https://github.com/xoseperez/debounceevent.git|Contributed|DebounceEvent
https://github.com/jo-seph/SDS011_vers.git|Contributed|SDS011_vers
https://github.com/dmadison/NintendoExtensionCtrl.git|Contributed|Nintendo Extension Ctrl
https://github.com/ethanjli/liquid-handling-robotics.git|Contributed|Liquid Handling Robotics
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_QwiicRF_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun QwiicRF
https://gitlab.com/xoan/escornabot-extlib.git|Contributed|EscornabotEXT
https://github.com/RobolinkInc/RokitSmart.git|Contributed|RokitSmart
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_WT2003S_MP3_Decoder_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun WT2003S MP3 Decoder Library
https://github.com/suculent/thinx-aes-lib.git|Contributed|AESLib
https://github.com/Stan-Reifel/TinyStepper_28BYJ_48.git|Contributed|TinyStepper_28BYJ_48
https://github.com/8bitbuddhist/PixelMaestro.git|Contributed|PixelMaestro
https://github.com/Stan-Reifel/FlexyStepper.git|Contributed|FlexyStepper
https://github.com/Stan-Reifel/SpeedyStepper.git|Contributed|SpeedyStepper
https://github.com/amperka/AmperkaFET.git|Contributed|AmperkaFET
https://github.com/kdhooper/arduino-CheapLCD.git|Contributed|CheapLCD
https://github.com/ChipTechno/ESP8266OTA.git|Contributed|ESP8266OTA
https://github.com/ChipTechno/WiFiMan.git|Contributed|WiFiMan
https://github.com/4dsystems/Diablo16-Serial-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Diablo16-Serial-Arduino-Library
https://github.com/4dsystems/Picaso-Serial-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Picaso-Serial-Arduino-Library
https://github.com/4dsystems/Goldelox-Serial-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Goldelox-Serial-Arduino-Library
https://github.com/4dsystems/ViSi-Genie-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|genieArduino
https://github.com/4dsystems/GFX4DIoD9.git|Contributed|GFX4DIoD9
https://github.com/4dsystems/GFX4d.git|Contributed|GFX4d
https://github.com/4dsystems/SOMOIoD.git|Contributed|SOMOIoD
https://github.com/niccokunzmann/UC121902-TNARX-A.git|Contributed|UC121902-TNARX-A
https://github.com/astuder/icp-101xx.git|Contributed|ICP-101xx Pressure Sensor Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_HM1X_Bluetooth_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun HM1X Bluetooth Arduino Library
https://github.com/remoteme/RemoteMeArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|RemoteMe
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SGP30_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SGP30 Arduino Library
https://github.com/Jorropo/ds3231.git|Contributed|ds3231FS
https://github.com/2dom/PxMatrix.git|Contributed|PxMatrix LED MATRIX library
https://github.com/danidask/MatrizLed.git|Contributed|MatrizLed
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Multi_Channel_Relay_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Multi Channel Relay Arduino Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_EPD.git|Contributed|Adafruit EPD
https://github.com/pololu/dual-tb9051ftg-motor-shield.git|Contributed|DualTB9051FTGMotorShield
https://github.com/bricofoy/yasm.git|Contributed|YASM
https://github.com/sparkfun/Sparkfun_RGB_OLED_64x64_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun RGB OLED 64x64 Library
https://github.com/PeterEmbedded/BH1750FVI.git|Contributed|BH1750FVI
https://github.com/bblanchon/ArduinoTrace.git|Contributed|ArduinoTrace
https://github.com/eecharlie/MatrixMath.git|Contributed|MatrixMath
https://github.com/aster94/GoProControl.git|Contributed|GoProControl
https://github.com/neosarchizo/pm2008_i2c.git|Contributed|PM2008 I2C
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_YX5300.git|Contributed|MD_YX5300
https://github.com/AlexanderLL95/SerialUtil.git|Contributed|SerialUtil
https://github.com/NicholasBerryman/USBControllerLib.git|Contributed|USBControllerLib
https://github.com/aster94/SensorFusion.git|Contributed|SensorFusion
https://github.com/Tdoe4321/FlexLibrary.git|Contributed|FlexLibrary
https://github.com/ropg/M5ez.git|Contributed|M5ez
https://github.com/m2m-solutions/M2M_Boards.git|Contributed|M2M Solutions Purplepoint Boards Library
https://github.com/m2m-solutions/M2M_Logger.git|Contributed|M2M Solutions Logger Library
https://github.com/m2m-solutions/M2M_Quectel.git|Contributed|M2M Solutions Quectel Library
https://github.com/m2m-solutions/M2M_TLV.git|Contributed|M2M Solutions TLV Library
https://github.com/witnessmenow/arduino-kickstarter-stats.git|Contributed|KickstarterStats
https://github.com/codewrite/arduino-capacitor.git|Contributed|Capacitor
https://github.com/m2m-solutions/M2M_MiraOne.git|Contributed|M2M Solutions MiraOne Library
https://github.com/bolderflight/BME280.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems BME280
https://github.com/salvadorrueda/SerialMP3Player.git|Contributed|SerialMP3Player
https://github.com/bolderflight/AMS5812.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems AMS5812
https://github.com/bolderflight/AMS5915.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems AMS5915
https://github.com/bolderflight/MPU9250.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems MPU9250
https://github.com/Naguissa/uEEPROMLib.git|Contributed|uEEPROMLib
https://github.com/F4GOJ/AD9850SPI.git|Contributed|AD9850SPI
https://github.com/njh/EtherCard.git|Contributed|EtherCard
https://github.com/Losant/losant-mqtt-arduino.git|Contributed|losant-mqtt-arduino
https://github.com/bolderflight/SBUS.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems SBUS
https://github.com/nyampass/ArduinoESPAT-Library.git|Contributed|ArduinoESPAT
https://github.com/bolderflight/UBLOX.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems UBLOX
https://github.com/kyuseok-oh/ArduinoThingsOfValueSDK.git|Contributed|ThingsOfValue SDK for Arduino
https://github.com/TridentTD/TridentTD_EasyFreeRTOS32.git|Contributed|TridentTD_EasyFreeRTOS32
https://github.com/amirchev/EZPROM.git|Contributed|EZPROM
https://github.com/datacute/Tiny4kOLED.git|Contributed|Tiny4kOLED
https://github.com/Bodmer/TFT_eSPI.git|Contributed|TFT_eSPI
https://github.com/MatrixOrbital/MatrixOrbitalGTTClientLibrary.git|Contributed|GTT
https://github.com/evivetoolkit/evive-Library.git|Contributed|evive
https://github.com/amperka/TroykaI2CHub.git|Contributed|TroykaI2CHub
https://github.com/bxparks/AceRoutine.git|Contributed|AceRoutine
https://github.com/Annikken/EasyAndee.git|Contributed|EasyAndee
https://github.com/Annikken/EasyAndee101.git|Contributed|EasyAndee101
https://github.com/MacroYau/LTC2942-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|LTC2942
https://github.com/adafruit/WaveHC.git|Contributed|WaveHC
https://github.com/netpieio/microgear-nbiot-arduino.git|Contributed|microgear-nbiot
https://github.com/JChristensen/CurrentTransformer.git|Contributed|CurrentTransformer
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ePaper_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ePaper Arduino Library
https://bitbucket.org/pjhardy/arduinosinspace.git|Contributed|ArduinosInSpace
https://github.com/WhoIsMrRobotics/brainzy-library.git|Contributed|BRAINZY
https://github.com/Stan-Reifel/ArduinoUserInterface.git|Contributed|ArduinoUserInterface
https://github.com/teemuatlut/TMCStepper.git|Contributed|TMCStepper
https://github.com/housewithinahouse/TwoWheelRobotLibrary.git|Contributed|TwoWheelRobot
https://github.com/lucasso/ModbusRTUSlaveArduino.git|Contributed|ModbusRTU_Slave_RS485
https://github.com/christophjurczyk/AD7390_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|AD7390 DAC library
https://github.com/MacroYau/RV-1805-C3-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|RV-1805-C3
https://github.com/postfixNotation/OLED_LIB_VGY12864L_03.git|Contributed|OLED Display VGY12864L-03
https://github.com/NicholasBerryman/GenericMotorDriver.git|Contributed|GenericMotorDriver
https://github.com/hideakitai/DRV2667.git|Contributed|DRV2667
https://github.com/hideakitai/MAX17048.git|Contributed|MAX17048
https://github.com/hideakitai/MCP4728.git|Contributed|MCP4728
https://github.com/hideakitai/MPU9250.git|Contributed|MPU9250
https://github.com/hideakitai/PCA9547.git|Contributed|PCA9547
https://github.com/hideakitai/PCF2129.git|Contributed|PCF2129
https://github.com/hideakitai/MTCParser.git|Contributed|MTCParser
https://github.com/hideakitai/Packetizer.git|Contributed|Packetizer
https://github.com/sandeepmistry/arduino-OBD2.git|Contributed|OBD2
https://github.com/cDnNeMeSiS/xbee_serial_array.git|Contributed|xbee_serial_array
https://github.com/maisonsmd/msTask.git|Contributed|msTask
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-optiga-trust-x.git|Contributed|OPTIGATrustX
https://github.com/prampec/IotWebConf.git|Contributed|IotWebConf
https://github.com/christophjurczyk/LTC1392_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|LTC1392 library
https://github.com/bengtmartensson/GlobalCovfefe.git|Contributed|GlobalCovfefe
https://github.com/hideakitai/EmbeddedUtils.git|Contributed|EmbeddedUtils
https://github.com/hideakitai/PCA9536.git|Contributed|PCA9536Arduino
https://github.com/hideakitai/TFmini.git|Contributed|TFminiArduino
https://github.com/AlpenglowInd/BigNums2x2.git|Contributed|BigNums2x2
https://github.com/jwrw/Executive.git|Contributed|Executive
https://github.com/tiagolobao/CS5490.git|Contributed|CS5490
https://github.com/jacobrosenthal/MergedStreams.git|Contributed|MergedStreams
https://github.com/layadcircuits/Saleng-GSM.git|Contributed|Layad Circuits Saleng GSM Shield
https://github.com/meganetaaan/m5stack-avatar.git|Contributed|M5Stack_Avatar
https://github.com/muwerk/ustd.git|Contributed|Muwerk ustd library
https://github.com/feklee/MultiTrans.git|Contributed|MultiTrans
https://github.com/evert-arias/EasyButton.git|Contributed|EasyButton
https://github.com/dycodex/ESPectro32.git|Contributed|ESPectro32
https://github.com/tobiasschuerg/MH-Z-CO2-Sensors.git|Contributed|MH-Z CO2 Sensors
https://github.com/zischknall/BohleBots_BNO055.git|Contributed|BohleBots_BNO055
https://github.com/end2endzone/BitReader.git|Contributed|BitReader
https://github.com/TcMenu/IoAbstraction.git|Contributed|IoAbstraction
https://github.com/sadr0b0t/arduino-timer-api.git|Contributed|arduino-timer-api
https://bitbucket.org/christandlg/as3935mi.git|Contributed|AS3935MI
https://github.com/sixfab/Sixfab_Arduino_CellularIoT_Library.git|Contributed|Sixfab_CellularIoT
https://github.com/ropg/ezTime.git|Contributed|ezTime
https://github.com/evert-arias/MyBlinker.git|Contributed|MyBlinker
https://github.com/tommag/TMC4210_Arduino.git|Contributed|Trinamic_TMC4210
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Ublox_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun u-blox Arduino Library
https://github.com/Papabyte/Byteduino.git|Contributed|Byteduino
https://github.com/matsujirushi/MjGrove.git|Contributed|MjGrove
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/ACI_10K_an.git|Contributed|ACI_10K_AN-temp-sensor
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/RTD10k-temp-sensor.git|Contributed|RTD10K-temp-sensor
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/weeklyAlarm.git|Contributed|WeeklyAlarm
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/CurrentSwitch.git|Contributed|CurrentSwitch
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/ADC_SEQR.git|Contributed|ADC_SEQR
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/TimeOut.git|Contributed|TimeOut
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SerLCD_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SerLCD Arduino Library
https://github.com/djGrrr/Int64String.git|Contributed|Int64String
https://github.com/kd8bxp/micro-Maqueen-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|micro Maqueen
https://github.com/bakercp/MCP3XXX.git|Contributed|MCP3XXX
https://github.com/Adminius/DimmerControl.git|Contributed|DimmerControl
https://github.com/Danny24/Smart-Motor-Driver-SAMI-Library.git|Contributed|Smart Motor Driver - SAMI
https://github.com/mcci-catena/arduino-lmic.git|Contributed|MCCI LoRaWAN LMIC library
https://github.com/SeeedJP/Wio_cell_lib_for_Arduino.git|Contributed|Wio cell lib for Arduino
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BMP3XX.git|Contributed|Adafruit BMP3XX Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MPRLS.git|Contributed|Adafruit MPRLS Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VEML6075.git|Contributed|Adafruit VEML6075 Library
https://github.com/weckbach/AstroMech.git|Contributed|AstroMech
https://github.com/remoteme/RemoteMeArduinoLibraryUtils.git|Contributed|RemoteMeUtils
https://github.com/drifkind/QDispatch.git|Contributed|QDispatch
https://github.com/JoaoLopesF/SerialDebug.git|Contributed|SerialDebug
https://github.com/CanSatKit/CanSatKitLibrary.git|Contributed|CanSat Kit Library
https://github.com/porrey/max1704x.git|Contributed|MAX1704X
https://github.com/end2endzone/SoftTimers.git|Contributed|SoftTimers
https://github.com/AllWize/allwize.git|Contributed|AllWize
https://github.com/JoaoLopesF/RemoteDebug.git|Contributed|RemoteDebug
https://github.com/xoseperez/my92xx.git|Contributed|my92xx
https://github.com/xoseperez/hlw8012.git|Contributed|HLW8012
https://bitbucket.org/xoseperez/pcf8583.git|Contributed|PCF8583
https://github.com/luni64/TeensyStep.git|Contributed|TeensyStep
https://github.com/t-in/cloudchip-iot.git|Contributed|Cloudchip Library
https://github.com/contrem/arduino-timer.git|Contributed|arduino-timer
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/AD57X4R.git|Contributed|AD57X4R
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/TMC429.git|Contributed|TMC429
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/TMC2130.git|Contributed|TMC2130
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/Array.git|Contributed|Array
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/Vector.git|Contributed|Vector
https://github.com/EinarArnason/ArduinoQueue.git|Contributed|ArduinoQueue
https://github.com/muwerk/muwerk.git|Contributed|Muwerk scheduler library
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/TLE72X.git|Contributed|TLE72X
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acan2515.git|Contributed|ACAN2515
https://github.com/denkitronik/ADS1118.git|Contributed|ADS1118 library
https://github.com/chipKIT32-libraries/PICxel.git|Contributed|PICxel
https://gitlab.com/arduino-libraries/i2commands.git|Contributed|I2Commands
https://bitbucket.org/christandlg/bmp180mi.git|Contributed|BMP180MI
https://github.com/mairas/ReactESP.git|Contributed|ReactESP
https://github.com/madhephaestus/ESP32Encoder.git|Contributed|ESP32Encoder
https://github.com/BlokasLabs/USBMIDI.git|Contributed|USBMIDI
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/Streaming.git|Contributed|Streaming
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/JsmnStream.git|Contributed|JsmnStream
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/Functor.git|Contributed|Functor
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/Watchdog.git|Contributed|Watchdog
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Flying_Jalapeno_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Flying Jalapeno Arduino Library
https://github.com/LILCMU/GoGoBright.git|Contributed|LILCMU GoGoBright Library
https://github.com/cloudchip-io/cloudchip-iot-arduino-sdk.git|Contributed|Cloudchip IoT
https://github.com/hutorny/cojson.lib.git|Contributed|Cojson
https://github.com/end2endzone/AnyRtttl.git|Contributed|AnyRtttl
https://github.com/Rhomb-io/rhio-pinmap.git|Contributed|rhio-pinmap
https://github.com/ProgettoCompany/Progetto_One_Pin_Keypad_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Progetto One Pin Keypad
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SHTC3_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SHTC3 Humidity and Temperature Sensor Library
https://github.com/robgmsn/PureDigit.git|Contributed|GMSN Pure Digit
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoColor-BH1749NUC-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 230 Color BH1749NUC
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acan2517.git|Contributed|ACAN2517
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acan2517FD.git|Contributed|ACAN2517FD
https://github.com/nyampass/HaLake-M5Stack-Library.git|Contributed|HaLake-M5Stack-Library
https://github.com/asukiaaa/AM2320_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|AM2320_asukiaaa
https://github.com/avishorp/TM1637.git|Contributed|TM1637
https://github.com/Hiroshi-Sugimura/EL_dev_arduino.git|Contributed|EL_dev_arduino
https://github.com/thingsboard/thingsboard-client-sdk.git|Contributed|ThingsBoard
https://github.com/fu-hsi/FuGPS.git|Contributed|FuGPS Library
https://github.com/bluerobotics/ping-arduino.git|Contributed|ping-arduino
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Keypad.git|Contributed|Adafruit Keypad
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AS7265x_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Spectral Triad AS7265X
https://github.com/DonnyCraft1/PIDArduino.git|Contributed|PIDController
https://github.com/ZinggJM/GxEPD2.git|Contributed|GxEPD2
https://github.com/witnessmenow/arduino_twitch_api.git|Contributed|TwitchApi
https://github.com/adafruit/TinyLoRa.git|Contributed|TinyLoRa
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoUV-Si1132-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 206 UV Si1132
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoEnvironment-BME680-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 222 Environment BME680
https://github.com/fabianoriccardi/ESPLogger.git|Contributed|ESPLogger
https://github.com/madhephaestus/PVision.git|Contributed|PVision
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoGas-CCS811-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo 223 Gas CCS811
https://github.com/LUXROBO/MODI-Arduino.git|Contributed|MODI
https://github.com/blemasle/arduino-e24.git|Contributed|E24
https://github.com/phpoc/arduino-PhpocExpansion.git|Contributed|PHPoC Expansion
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_NeoTrellisM4.git|Contributed|Adafruit NeoTrellis M4 Library
https://github.com/bolderflight/BMI088.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems BMI088
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ImageReader.git|Contributed|Adafruit ImageReader Library
https://github.com/OperatorFoundation/Crypto.git|Contributed|Crypto
https://github.com/mikalhart/IridiumSBD.git|Contributed|Iridium SBD
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LTE_Shield_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LTE Shield Arduino Library
https://github.com/dantudose/MAX44009.git|Contributed|MAX44009 library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_TouchInput_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun TouchInput Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_TouchInput_Driver_FT5xx6.git|Contributed|SparkFun TouchInput Driver FT5xx6
https://github.com/junwha0511/LiquidCrystal_I2C_Hangul.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystal_I2C_Hangul
https://github.com/coddingtonbear/arduino-async-duplex.git|Contributed|arduino-async-duplex
https://github.com/coddingtonbear/arduino-async-modem.git|Contributed|arduino-async-modem
https://github.com/blemasle/arduino-mcp23017.git|Contributed|MCP23017
https://github.com/blemasle/arduino-as1115.git|Contributed|AS1115
https://github.com/mcci-catena/arduino-lorawan.git|Contributed|MCCI Arduino LoRaWAN Library
https://github.com/mcci-catena/Catena-Arduino-Platform.git|Contributed|MCCI Catena Arduino Platform
https://github.com/werktag/Adaino.git|Contributed|Adaino
https://github.com/tommag/DS2431_Arduino.git|Contributed|DS2431
https://github.com/kingmathers313/FHEM_Arduino.git|Contributed|FHEM
https://github.com/VizIoT-com/viziot-mqtt-client-arduino.git|Contributed|VizIoTMqttClient
https://github.com/sixfab/Sixfab_Arduino_NBIoT_Shield.git|Contributed|Sixfab_NBIoT
https://github.com/nickgammon/Regexp.git|Contributed|Regexp
https://github.com/uStepper/uStepper-S-lite.git|Contributed|uStepper S-lite
https://git.antares.id/lorawan-loraid/arduino-loraid.git|Contributed|LoraID
https://github.com/tipih/NRF51_Radio_library.git|Contributed|NRF51_Radio_library
https://github.com/MattFryer/Smoothed.git|Contributed|Smoothed
https://github.com/LuighiV/arduino-isfetboard.git|Contributed|ISFET board library
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-StateMachine.git|Contributed|StateMachineLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-Articulated.git|Contributed|ArticulatedLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-GammaCorrection.git|Contributed|GammaCorrectionLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-TimeoutTask.git|Contributed|TimeoutTaskLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-I2CScanner.git|Contributed|I2CScanner
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-List.git|Contributed|ListLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-LinkedList.git|Contributed|LinkedListLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-CircularBuffer.git|Contributed|CircularBufferLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-ColorConverter.git|Contributed|ColorConverter
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-PropertyChange.git|Contributed|PropertyChangeLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-Stopwatch.git|Contributed|StopwatchLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-Countdown.git|Contributed|CountdownLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-DebounceFilter.git|Contributed|DebounceFilterLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-Meanfilter.git|Contributed|MeanFilterLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-MedianFilter.git|Contributed|MedianFilterLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-SingleEmaFilter.git|Contributed|SingleEMAFilterLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-DoubleEmaFilter.git|Contributed|DoubleEMAFilterLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-QuickSort.git|Contributed|QuickSortLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-QuickMedian.git|Contributed|QuickMedianLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-Threshold.git|Contributed|ThresholdLib
https://github.com/SergiuToporjinschi/espmanager.git|Contributed|ESPManager
https://github.com/SergiuToporjinschi/settingsmanager.git|Contributed|Settings Manager
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoPWM-PCA9685-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo PWM PCA9685
https://github.com/MicroBahner/MobaTools.git|Contributed|MobaTools
https://github.com/chrisjoyce911/esp32FOTA.git|Contributed|esp32FOTA
https://github.com/5N44P/ht1621-7-seg.git|Contributed|HT1621
https://github.com/dreed47/WifiMQTTManager.git|Contributed|WiFiMQTTManager Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Twist_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Twist Arduino Library
https://github.com/plapointe6/EspMQTTClient.git|Contributed|EspMQTTClient
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MFRC630.git|Contributed|Adafruit MFRC630 RFID
https://github.com/mobinrg/JMAFoundation.git|Contributed|JMAFoundation
https://github.com/mobinrg/JMASPComm.git|Contributed|JMA_SPComm
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/PCA9685.git|Contributed|PCA9685
https://github.com/ROBOTIS-GIT/ros2arduino.git|Contributed|ros2arduino
https://github.com/dobotopensource/AIStarter.git|Contributed|AIStarter
https://github.com/tcafiero/NBduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|TopView NBduino Library
https://github.com/souviksaha97/DAC7611.git|Contributed|DAC7611
https://github.com/dimitre/DmtrPots.git|Contributed|DmtrPots
https://github.com/Hardi-St/MobaLedLib.git|Contributed|MobaLedLib
https://github.com/Naguissa/uDebugLib.git|Contributed|uDebugLib
https://github.com/Wolkabout/WolkConnect-Arduino.git|Contributed|WolkConnect
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoMotor-DRV8830-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo Motor DRV8830
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L1X.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L1X
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-53L1A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-53L1A1
https://github.com/gilmaimon/Arduino-CloudStorage.git|Contributed|ArduinoCloudStorage
https://github.com/gilmaimon/ArduinoComponents.git|Contributed|ArduinoComponents
https://github.com/mcci-catena/Catena-mcciadk.git|Contributed|MCCI Arduino Development Kit ADK
https://github.com/Aircoookie/Espalexa.git|Contributed|Espalexa
https://github.com/keigan-motor/Arduino-I2C-KM1.git|Contributed|Arduino-I2C-KM1
https://github.com/thexperiments/NukiClientESP.git|Contributed|NukiClientESP
https://github.com/OM222O/ADS1219.git|Contributed|ADS1219
https://github.com/ofekp/TinyUPnP.git|Contributed|TinyUPnP
https://github.com/TamojitSaha/MAX6626_library.git|Contributed|MAX6626
https://github.com/IharYakimush/arduino-temperature-control-events.git|Contributed|DS18B20Events
https://github.com/ZulNs/LCD_HD44780.git|Contributed|LCD_HD44780
https://github.com/JCardoen/ATmega32U4-Grove-Air-quality-sensor.git|Contributed|ATmega32U4 Grove Air quality sensor
https://github.com/Programmable-Air/Code.git|Contributed|programmable_air
https://github.com/paulo-raca/Arduino_AsyncLiquidCrystal.git|Contributed|AsyncLiquidCrystal
https://github.com/RobotCing/Attiny85_IO.git|Contributed|Attiny85_IO
https://github.com/RobotCing/Attiny85_IO_basic.git|Contributed|Attiny85_IO_basic
https://github.com/RobotCing/Attiny84_IO.git|Contributed|Attiny84_IO
https://github.com/RobotCing/Attiny84_IO_basic.git|Contributed|Attiny84_IO_basic
https://github.com/RobotCing/Atmega8_IO.git|Contributed|Atmega8_IO
https://github.com/RobotCing/Atmega8_IO_basic.git|Contributed|Atmega8_IO_basic
https://github.com/RobotCing/Atmega328_IO.git|Contributed|Atmega328_IO
https://github.com/FaBoPlatform/FaBoGPIO40-PCA9698-Library.git|Contributed|FaBo GPIO40 PCA9698
https://github.com/ArminJo/Talkie.git|Contributed|Talkie
https://bitbucket.org/christandlg/bmx280mi.git|Contributed|BMx280MI
https://github.com/fabianoriccardi/dimmable-light.git|Contributed|Dimmable Light for Arduino
https://github.com/jmparatte/jm_PCF8574.git|Contributed|jm_PCF8574
https://github.com/blemasle/arduino-sim808.git|Contributed|SIM808
https://github.com/hideakitai/XBeeATCmds.git|Contributed|XBeeATCmds
https://github.com/hideakitai/Debouncer.git|Contributed|Debouncer
https://github.com/hideakitai/CRCx.git|Contributed|CRCx
https://github.com/hideakitai/Filters.git|Contributed|Filters
https://github.com/hideakitai/I2CExtension.git|Contributed|I2CExtension
https://github.com/hideakitai/VectorXf.git|Contributed|VectorXf
https://github.com/hideakitai/SPIExtension.git|Contributed|SPIExtension
https://github.com/flyingeinstein/Restfully.git|Contributed|Restfully
https://github.com/thinger-io/Core32.git|Contributed|ThingerCore32
https://github.com/MrYsLab/FirmataExpress.git|Contributed|FirmataExpress
https://github.com/Iainmon/altino.git|Contributed|Altino
https://github.com/aster94/Keyword-Protocol-2000.git|Contributed|KWP2000
https://github.com/STEMpedia/Dabble.git|Contributed|Dabble
https://github.com/asukiaaa/EPD.git|Contributed|EPD
https://github.com/GordonRudman/ExampleArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|ExampleLibrary
https://github.com/SV-Zanshin/INA.git|Contributed|INA2xx
https://github.com/Zanduino/MCP7940.git|Contributed|MCP7940
https://github.com/fabriziop/TalkingLED.git|Contributed|TalkingLED
https://github.com/chunkysteveo/FortniteAPI.git|Contributed|FortniteAPI
https://github.com/dadul96/Arduino-Servo-Hardware-PWM-Library.git|Contributed|Servo Hardware PWM
https://github.com/HelTecAutomation/Heltec_ESP32.git|Contributed|Heltec ESP32 Dev-Boards
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_MP3_Trigger_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic MP3 Trigger Arduino Library
https://github.com/antaresdocumentation/antares-esp8266-http.git|Contributed|Antares ESP8266 HTTP
https://github.com/LinnesLab/LMP91000.git|Contributed|LMP91000
https://github.com/texie/TeXie_arduino.git|Contributed|TeXie arduino Client
https://github.com/offcircuit/Batflow.git|Contributed|Batflow
https://github.com/offcircuit/DTime.git|Contributed|DTime
https://github.com/stefangs/arduino-library-braccio-robot.git|Contributed|BraccioRobot
https://github.com/highno/rtcvars.git|Contributed|RTCVars
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MLX90393_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit MLX90393
https://github.com/JoaoLopesF/ESP32MotorControl.git|Contributed|ESP32MotorControl
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/MPR121.git|Contributed|MPR121
https://github.com/coddingtonbear/arduino-managed-serial-device.git|Contributed|arduino-managed-serial-device
https://github.com/GabrielNotman/RTCCounter.git|Contributed|RTCCounter
https://github.com/GabrielNotman/cryptoauthlib.git|Contributed|CryptoAuthLib
https://github.com/witnessmenow/tindie-api-arduino.git|Contributed|TindieApi
https://github.com/OpenCIAg/BlueFairy.git|Contributed|BlueFairy
https://github.com/oroca/OROCA-EduBot-Library.git|Contributed|OROCA-EduBot
https://github.com/nathanRamaNoodles/TinkerController-Library.git|Contributed|TinkerController
https://github.com/Zanduino/VCNL4010.git|Contributed|VCNL4010
https://github.com/nathanRamaNoodles/SensorToButton.git|Contributed|SensorToButton
https://github.com/Zanduino/MicrochipSRAM.git|Contributed|MicrochipSRAM
https://github.com/Zanduino/BME680.git|Contributed|BME680
https://github.com/LoganTraceur/LogansGreatButton.git|Contributed|LogansGreatButton
https://github.com/MicroGamerConsole/MicroGamer-Arduino.git|Contributed|MicroGamer
https://github.com/Zanduino/DS1631.git|Contributed|DS1631
https://github.com/Zanduino/DS3231M.git|Contributed|DS3231M
https://github.com/Zanduino/DSFamily.git|Contributed|DSFamily
https://github.com/Warlib1975/ModbusConfig.git|Contributed|ModbusConfig
https://github.com/WifWaf/MH-Z19.git|Contributed|MH-Z19
https://github.com/Zanduino/MB85_FRAM.git|Contributed|MB85_FRAM
https://github.com/electric-sheep-co/arduino-redis.git|Contributed|Redis for Arduino
https://github.com/souviksaha97/MCP3202.git|Contributed|MCP3202
https://github.com/NilsMinor/TMP117-Arduino.git|Contributed|TMP117-Arduino
https://github.com/laurb9/StepperDriver.git|Contributed|StepperDriver
https://github.com/bitbank2/Multi_OLED.git|Contributed|Multi_OLED
https://github.com/bitbank2/Multi_BitBang.git|Contributed|Multi_BitBang
https://github.com/uStepper/uStepperS.git|Contributed|uStepper S
https://github.com/yergin/Yabl.git|Contributed|YetAnotherButtonLibrary
https://github.com/antaresdocumentation/antares-esp8266-mqtt.git|Contributed|Antares ESP8266 MQTT
https://github.com/iotize-sas/Arduino-Tap.git|Contributed|ArdTap
https://github.com/ricki-z/MMA7455.git|Contributed|MMA7455 sensor Library
https://github.com/Isaranu/pm25senses.git|Contributed|pm25senses
https://github.com/Zanduino/MAX31855.git|Contributed|MAX31855
https://github.com/purwar2016/ArduinoBlue-library.git|Contributed|ArduinoBlue
https://github.com/ElectronicCats/mpu6050.git|Contributed|MPU6050
https://github.com/LaCocoRoco/DataVisualizer.git|Contributed|DataVisualizer
https://github.com/JiriBilek/WiFiSpi.git|Contributed|WiFiSpi
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ADXL343.git|Contributed|Adafruit ADXL343
https://github.com/alrevuelta/SEN10724.git|Contributed|SEN10724
https://github.com/bitluni/ESP32Lib.git|Contributed|bitluni ESP32Lib
https://github.com/ubidefeo/FTDebouncer.git|Contributed|FTDebouncer
https://github.com/Zanduino/BME280.git|Contributed|BME280_Zanshin
https://github.com/jonnieZG/EButton.git|Contributed|EButton
https://github.com/jonnieZG/DFPlayerMini.git|Contributed|DFPlayerMini
https://github.com/jonnieZG/EWMA.git|Contributed|EWMA
https://github.com/Legion2/CorsairLightingProtocol.git|Contributed|Corsair Lighting Protocol
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ADT7410.git|Contributed|Adafruit ADT7410 Library
https://github.com/dwrobel/TrivialKalmanFilter.git|Contributed|TrivialKalmanFilter
https://github.com/dgduncan/Arduino-MCP4131.git|Contributed|MCP4131 library
https://github.com/sauttefk/RS485HwSerial.git|Contributed|RS485HwSerial
https://github.com/dmadison/HID_Buttons.git|Contributed|HID Buttons
https://github.com/sleepdefic1t/BIP66.git|Contributed|BIP66
https://github.com/rleddy/tinycmdtable.git|Contributed|TinyCmdTable
https://github.com/fdivitto/FabGL.git|Contributed|FabGL
https://github.com/Saeterncj/MX1508.git|Contributed|MX1508
https://github.com/Saeterncj/QuadratureEncoder.git|Contributed|QuadratureEncoder
https://github.com/CytronTechnologies/CytronMotorDriver.git|Contributed|Cytron Motor Drivers Library
https://github.com/uStepper/egoShieldS.git|Contributed|egoShieldS
https://github.com/jackrobotics/iSYNC_BC95_Arduino.git|Contributed|iSYNC_BC95_Arduino
https://github.com/IoTWay/IoTWay-Arduino.git|Contributed|IoTWay
https://github.com/RexMORE/MOREbot_Library.git|Contributed|MOREbot Library
https://github.com/gilmaimon/ArduinoWebsockets.git|Contributed|ArduinoWebsockets
https://github.com/akkoyun/Environment.git|Contributed|Environment
https://github.com/muwerk/munet.git|Contributed|munet
https://github.com/jcubuntu/IKB1_Arduino.git|Contributed|iKB1_Arduino
https://github.com/chirp/chirp-arduino.git|Contributed|ChirpSDK
https://github.com/siara-cc/esp32_arduino_sqlite3_lib.git|Contributed|Sqlite3Esp32
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Joystick_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Joystick Arduino Library
https://github.com/technosf/ESPxRGB.git|Contributed|ESPxRGB
https://github.com/ArkEcosystem/cpp-client.git|Contributed|Ark-Cpp-Client
https://github.com/ArkEcosystem/cpp-crypto.git|Contributed|Ark-Cpp-Crypto
https://github.com/yurilopes/SPIFFSIniFile.git|Contributed|SPIFFSIniFile
https://github.com/ssilverman/SLIPStream.git|Contributed|SLIPStream
https://github.com/HelTecAutomation/Heltec_ESP8266.git|Contributed|Heltec ESP8266 Dev-Boards
https://github.com/jandrassy/ArduinoOTA.git|Contributed|ArduinoOTA
https://github.com/harvie/ps2dev.git|Contributed|ps2dev
https://github.com/gabriel-milan/TinyMPU6050.git|Contributed|TinyMPU6050
https://github.com/OladapoAjala/Drive.git|Contributed|Drive
https://github.com/OladapoAjala/Robot.git|Contributed|Robot
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-GNSS1A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-GNSS1A1
https://github.com/gmag11/CayenneLPPdec.git|Contributed|CayenneLPPdec
https://github.com/zerokol/eFLL.git|Contributed|eFLL
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_APDS9301_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun APDS-9301 Lux Sensor
https://github.com/u-fire/Isolated_EC.git|Contributed|Isolated EC Probe Interface
https://github.com/asukiaaa/ST7032_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|ST7032_asukiaaa
https://github.com/Bananut-Electronics/MiDispositivoMIDI_V3.git|Contributed|MiDispositivoMIDI_V3
https://github.com/gmarty2000/arduino-LED.git|Contributed|LED
https://github.com/budryerson/TFMini-Plus.git|Contributed|TFMPlus
https://github.com/offcircuit/SDHT.git|Contributed|SDHT
https://github.com/janthefischer/SerialVariable.git|Contributed|SerialVariable
https://github.com/rootfrogs/Arduino-GetInTouch-library.git|Contributed|GetInTouch
https://github.com/funkyfisch/arduino-knock-detector.git|Contributed|Knock Detector
https://github.com/IoTGuruLive/theiotguru-arduino-library.git|Contributed|IoTGuru
https://github.com/JoaoLopesF/RemoteDebugger.git|Contributed|RemoteDebugger
https://github.com/torsteinnh/conductivityLib.git|Contributed|ConductivityLib
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IKS01A3.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IKS01A3
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM6DSO.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM6DSO
https://github.com/stm32duino/LIS2DW12.git|Contributed|STM32duino LIS2DW12
https://github.com/stm32duino/LIS2MDL.git|Contributed|STM32duino LIS2MDL
https://github.com/stm32duino/LPS22HH.git|Contributed|STM32duino LPS22HH
https://github.com/stm32duino/STTS751.git|Contributed|STM32duino STTS751
https://github.com/bogde/HX711.git|Contributed|HX711 Arduino Library
https://github.com/PatternAgents/Haptic_DA7280.git|Contributed|Haptic_DA7280
https://github.com/PatternAgents/Haptic_DRV2605.git|Contributed|Haptic_DRV2605
https://github.com/siara-cc/Shox96_Arduino_Progmem_lib.git|Contributed|Shox96 Progmem Compression
https://github.com/siara-cc/esp_arduino_sqlite3_lib.git|Contributed|Sqlite3 for ESP8266
https://github.com/M-tech-Creations/NoDelay.git|Contributed|NoDelay
https://github.com/openmrn/OpenMRNLite.git|Contributed|OpenMRNLite
https://github.com/Isaranu/IoTtweetSIEMENS_SIMATIC.git|Contributed|IoTtweetSIEMENS_SIMATIC
https://github.com/pushdata-io/Arduino_ESP8266_SSL.git|Contributed|Pushdata_ESP8266_SSL
https://github.com/jfjlaros/simpleRPC.git|Contributed|simpleRPC
https://github.com/gmarty2000-ARDUINO/arduino-BUZZER.git|Contributed|Buzzer
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_STS35_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube_STS35
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_I2C_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube_I2C_Driver
https://github.com/offcircuit/Nextion.git|Contributed|Nextion
https://github.com/HullabalooRobotics/Soldering-Machine.git|Contributed|Soldering Machine
https://github.com/BrandeisMakerLab/Zumo-Automation.git|Contributed|ZumoAutomation
https://github.com/MartinL1/I2C_DMAC.git|Contributed|I2C_DMAC
https://github.com/diegodorado/ObloqAdafruit.git|Contributed|ObloqAdafruit
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BusIO.git|Contributed|Adafruit BusIO
https://github.com/iq-motion-control/iq-module-communication-arduino.git|Contributed|IQ Module Communication
https://github.com/gmarty2000-ARDUINO/arduino-JOYSTICK.git|Contributed|Joystick
https://github.com/gmarty2000-ARDUINO/arduino-ULTRASONIC_SENSOR.git|Contributed|UltrasonicSensor
https://github.com/mobizt/Firebase-ESP32.git|Contributed|Firebase ESP32 Client
https://github.com/skaldek/STools.git|Contributed|STools
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VEML7700.git|Contributed|Adafruit VEML7700 Library
https://github.com/mobizt/ESP32-Mail-Client.git|Contributed|ESP32 Mail Client
https://github.com/jackrobotics/iSYNC.git|Contributed|iSYNC
https://github.com/onelife/Arduino_RT-Thread.git|Contributed|RT-Thread
https://github.com/MartinL1/BMP280_DEV.git|Contributed|BMP280_DEV
https://github.com/madhephaestus/BNO055SimplePacketComs.git|Contributed|BNO055SimplePacketComs
https://github.com/ricaun/ArduinoUniqueID.git|Contributed|ArduinoUniqueID
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_INA260.git|Contributed|Adafruit INA260 Library
https://github.com/corneliusmunz/legoino.git|Contributed|Legoino
https://github.com/CMakerA/ESP_LM35.git|Contributed|ESP_LM35
https://github.com/jmderomedi/SavitzkyGolayFilter.git|Contributed|SavLayFilter
https://github.com/offcircuit/Morse.git|Contributed|Morse
https://github.com/offcircuit/SHCSR04.git|Contributed|SHCSR04
https://github.com/BriscoeTech/Arduino-FreeRTOS-SAMD21.git|Contributed|FreeRTOS_SAMD21
https://github.com/YiannisBourkelis/Uptime-Library.git|Contributed|Uptime Library
https://github.com/aster94/Utilities.git|Contributed|Utilities
https://github.com/m5stack/M5StickC.git|Contributed|M5StickC
https://github.com/smurf0969/WiFiConnect.git|Contributed|WiFiConnect
https://github.com/mobizt/Firebase-ESP8266.git|Contributed|Firebase ESP8266 Client
https://github.com/bmellink/IBusBM.git|Contributed|IBusBM
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Keypad_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Keypad Arduino Library
https://github.com/spacehuhntech/SimpleCLI.git|Contributed|SimpleCLI
https://github.com/offcircuit/Charset.git|Contributed|Charset
https://github.com/ayushsharma82/ElegantOTA.git|Contributed|ElegantOTA
https://github.com/lime-labs/HDC2080-Arduino.git|Contributed|Lime Labs HDC2080
https://github.com/ldab/u-blox_GNSS.git|Contributed|u-blox GNSS
https://github.com/ldab/lis3dh-motion-detection.git|Contributed|LIS3DH motion detection
https://github.com/plapointe6/EspHtmlTemplateProcessor.git|Contributed|EspHtmlTemplateProcessor
https://github.com/u-fire/Isolated_ISE.git|Contributed|Isolated ISE Probe Interface
https://github.com/fire1/PulseCom.git|Contributed|PulseCom
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_TCA9548A_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube TCA9548A
https://github.com/photodude/DualVNH5019MotorShieldMod3.git|Contributed|DualVNH5019MotorShieldMod3
https://github.com/dmadison/ArduinoXInput.git|Contributed|XInput
https://github.com/dmadison/Xbox360ControllerLEDs.git|Contributed|Xbox 360 Controller LEDs
https://github.com/gmarty2000-ARDUINO/arduino-SOIL_HYGROMETER.git|Contributed|SoilHygrometer
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Displacement_Sensor_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Angular Displacement Sensor Arduino Library
https://github.com/GewoonGijs/VID28.git|Contributed|MotorVID28
https://github.com/offcircuit/LCDIC2.git|Contributed|LCDIC2
https://github.com/ArminJo/ServoEasing.git|Contributed|ServoEasing
https://github.com/ArminJo/NeoPatterns.git|Contributed|NeoPatterns
https://github.com/ArminJo/PlayRtttl.git|Contributed|PlayRtttl
https://github.com/ArminJo/EasyButtonAtInt01.git|Contributed|EasyButtonAtInt01
https://github.com/ArminJo/Arduino-FrequencyDetector.git|Contributed|FrequencyDetector
https://github.com/TomasRoj/BasicsLibrary.git|Contributed|BasicsLibrary
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFunDMX.git|Contributed|SparkFun DMX Shield Library
https://github.com/plerup/espsoftwareserial.git|Contributed|EspSoftwareSerial
https://github.com/MarScaper/ephemeris.git|Contributed|Ephemeris
https://github.com/emctague/Tasks.git|Contributed|Tasks
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_LTC2941.git|Contributed|Grove - Coulomb Counter for 3.3V to 5V LTC2941
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_Motor_Driver_TB6612FNG.git|Contributed|Grove - Motor Driver TB6612FNG
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_LDC1612.git|Contributed|Grove - 2-Channel Inductive Sensor LDC1612
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove_touch_sensor_CY8C40XX.git|Contributed|Grove - Capacitive Touch Slide Sensor CY8C40XX
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_VEML6070.git|Contributed|Grove - I2C UV Sensor VEML6070
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_PM2_5_sensor_HM3301.git|Contributed|Grove - Laser PM2.5 Sensor HM3301
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_MCP9600.git|Contributed|Grove - I2C Thermocouple Amplifier MCP9600
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_SHT35.git|Contributed|Grove - I2C High Accuracy Temp_Humi Sensor SHT35
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_PCA9685.git|Contributed|Seeed-PCA9685
https://github.com/dok-net/esp_sds011.git|Contributed|esp_sds011
https://github.com/lovyan03/M5Stack_TreeView.git|Contributed|M5Stack_TreeView
https://github.com/lovyan03/M5Stack_OnScreenKeyboard.git|Contributed|M5Stack_OnScreenKeyboard
https://github.com/sefisher/fishyDIYdevices.git|Contributed|fishyDIYdevices
https://github.com/hideakitai/Dynamixel.git|Contributed|Dynamixel
https://github.com/hideakitai/SpresenseNeoPixel.git|Contributed|SpresenseNeoPixel
https://github.com/dlkay0/TinyFontRenderer.git|Contributed|TinyFontRenderer
https://github.com/OPEnSLab-OSU/SSLClient.git|Contributed|SSLClient
https://github.com/hideakitai/ArtNet.git|Contributed|ArtNet
https://github.com/madhephaestus/Esp32WifiManager.git|Contributed|Esp32WifiManager
https://github.com/project-sparthan/sparthan-module.git|Contributed|Sparthan Module
https://github.com/project-sparthan/sparthan-myo.git|Contributed|Sparthan Myo
https://github.com/project-sparthan/sparthan-gforce.git|Contributed|Sparthan gForce
https://github.com/ricaun/LoRaNow.git|Contributed|LoRaNow
https://github.com/Fastcomm/hellothing_NBIoT_Arduino_Shield.git|Contributed|hellothing_BG96_NBIoT
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MCP9600.git|Contributed|Adafruit MCP9600 Library
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_N2X.git|Contributed|Sodaq_N2X
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_R4X.git|Contributed|Sodaq_R4X
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Scale_NAU7802_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Scale NAU7802 Arduino Library
https://github.com/VincentLim/TimerFour.git|Contributed|TimerFour
https://github.com/VincentLim/TimerFive.git|Contributed|TimerFive
https://github.com/antaresdocumentation/lorawan-loraid.git|Contributed|AntaresLoraID
https://github.com/pstolarz/OneWireNg.git|Contributed|OneWireNg
https://github.com/tswfi/PE43xx.git|Contributed|PE43xx
https://github.com/STEMpedia/DabbleESP32.git|Contributed|DabbleESP32
https://github.com/Protocentral/protocentral_max86150_ecg_ppg.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral MAX86150 PPG and ECG IC library
https://github.com/RobotCing/Atmega32u4_IO.git|Contributed|Atmega32u4_IO
https://github.com/areve/WebSocketStreamClient.git|Contributed|WebSocketStreamClient
https://github.com/CieNTi/arduino-IoTesla-client.git|Contributed|IoTesla-client
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/NOKIA5110_TEXT.git|Contributed|NOKIA5110_TEXT
https://github.com/bblanchon/ArduinoStreamUtils.git|Contributed|StreamUtils
https://github.com/SunjunKim/PMW3360.git|Contributed|PMW3360 Module
https://github.com/lasselukkari/aWOT.git|Contributed|aWOT
https://github.com/mhorimoto/ELT_S300_HOLLY.git|Contributed|ELT S300 Library
https://github.com/pstolarz/NRF_HAL.git|Contributed|NRF_HAL
https://github.com/IRMP-org/IRMP.git|Contributed|IRMP
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ICM-20948_ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|SparkFun 9DoF IMU Breakout - ICM 20948 - Arduino Library
https://github.com/mehtajainam/VCNL36687.git|Contributed|VCNL36687
https://github.com/smartmeio/arancino-library.git|Contributed|Arancino
https://github.com/Samyz/CESmartCamp.git|Contributed|CESmartCamp
https://github.com/ERROPiX/ESP32_AnalogWrite.git|Contributed|ESP32 AnalogWrite
https://github.com/sidoh/path_variable_handlers.git|Contributed|PathVariableHandlers
https://github.com/Salterm27/Watch.git|Contributed|Watch
https://github.com/sidoh/rich_http_server.git|Contributed|RichHttpServer
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Arcada.git|Contributed|Adafruit Arcada Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AS3935_Lightning_Detector_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun AS3935 Lightning Detector Arduino Library
https://github.com/brainy-buddy-education/BBE-IoT-Class-Library.git|Contributed|BBE IoT Class Library
https://github.com/teamong/Mechatro.git|Contributed|Mechatro
https://github.com/Martin-Laclaustra/CronAlarms.git|Contributed|CronAlarms
https://github.com/mobizt/Firebase-Arduino-WiFi101.git|Contributed|Firebase Arduino based on WiFi101
https://github.com/cesanta/mDash.git|Contributed|mDash
https://github.com/teckel12/arduino-toneac.git|Contributed|toneAC
https://github.com/Pantastisch/FixedPoint_LUT.git|Contributed|FixedPoint_LUT
https://github.com/WarmCatUK/WarmCat_6x14Backpack.git|Contributed|WarmCat6x14backpack
https://github.com/denxhun/ComputhermRF.git|Contributed|Computherm RF Library
https://github.com/shaduzlabs/arduino-rastr.git|Contributed|rastr
https://github.com/RemoteXY/RemoteXY-Arduino-library.git|Contributed|RemoteXY
https://github.com/deltarobotone/one_system_library.git|Contributed|OneSystemLibrary
https://github.com/WifWaf/VEML6075.git|Contributed|VEML6075
https://github.com/VCSFA-MARS/TSLPB.git|Contributed|ThinSat Program TSLPB Library
https://github.com/onelife/RTT-QRCode.git|Contributed|RTT QRCode
https://github.com/mobizt/Firebase-Arduino-WiFiNINA.git|Contributed|Firebase Arduino based on WiFiNINA
https://github.com/Harvie/RotaryDial.git|Contributed|RotaryDial
https://github.com/ZinggJM/GxEPD.git|Contributed|GxEPD
https://github.com/gigix74/CalibratedSpeed.git|Contributed|CalibratedSpeed
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LPS35HW.git|Contributed|Adafruit LPS35HW
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8DMem.git|Contributed|XLR8DMem
https://github.com/mrrwa/NceCabBus.git|Contributed|NceCabBus
https://github.com/mathcoll/t6iot.git|Contributed|t6iot
https://github.com/marecl/settingsManager.git|Contributed|settingsManager
https://github.com/PTS93/Stator.git|Contributed|Stator
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ADS1015_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ADS1015 Arduino Library
https://github.com/shielddx/oatmeal-protocol.git|Contributed|oatmeal-protocol
https://github.com/peanut-king-solution/PeanutKing_Soccer.git|Contributed|PeanutKing Soccer
https://github.com/hideakitai/TCS34725.git|Contributed|TCS34725
https://github.com/matmunk/DS18B20.git|Contributed|DS18B20
https://github.com/Matrix-Robotics/MatrixMini.git|Contributed|Matrix Mini Library
https://github.com/allthingstalk/arduino-lorawan-sdk.git|Contributed|AllThingsTalk LoRaWAN SDK
https://github.com/matmunk/LiquidCrystal_74HC595.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystal_74HC595
https://github.com/zhenek-kreker/MAX6675.git|Contributed|MAX6675 with hardware SPI
https://github.com/smaffer/vgax.git|Contributed|VGAX
https://github.com/smaffer/vgaxua.git|Contributed|VGAXUA
https://github.com/smaffer/espvgax.git|Contributed|ESPVGAX
https://github.com/neosarchizo/cm1106_i2c.git|Contributed|CM1106 I2C
https://github.com/GiorgosXou/NeuralNetworks.git|Contributed|NeuralNetwork
https://github.com/boxtec/Witty.git|Contributed|Witty
https://github.com/iliaslamprou/virtuinoESP.git|Contributed|Virtuino library for all ESP8266 and ESP32 boards
https://github.com/iliaslamprou/virtuino_stm32.git|Contributed|Virtuino library for STM32 boards
https://github.com/guru-florida/PWMFreak.git|Contributed|PWMFreak
https://github.com/H-Kurosaki/UARDECS.git|Contributed|UARDECS Library
https://github.com/byronholldorf/uMulti.git|Contributed|uMulti
https://github.com/arbotics-llc/databot_arduino.git|Contributed|databot
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BD3491FS.git|Contributed|Adafruit BD3491FS
https://github.com/jgromes/RadioLib.git|Contributed|RadioLib
https://github.com/pololu/high-power-stepper-driver-arduino.git|Contributed|HighPowerStepperDriver
https://github.com/bmellink/VNH3SP30.git|Contributed|VNH3SP30
https://github.com/toblum/TetrisAnimation.git|Contributed|TetrisAnimation
https://github.com/thinkovation/Ambimate.git|Contributed|Ambimate
https://github.com/bitbank2/ss_oled.git|Contributed|ss_oled
https://github.com/bitbank2/BitBang_I2C.git|Contributed|BitBang_I2C
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_hx1230.git|Contributed|bb_hx1230
https://github.com/Glinnes/NMEAParser.git|Contributed|NMEAParser
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acan2515Tiny.git|Contributed|ACAN2515Tiny
https://github.com/Makuna/Rfid134.git|Contributed|Rfid134 by Makuna
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TinyUSB_Arduino.git|Contributed|Adafruit TinyUSB Library
https://github.com/toritamantaro/TN_SwitchState.git|Contributed|TN_SwitchState
https://github.com/ROBOTIS-GIT/Dynamixel2Arduino.git|Contributed|Dynamixel2Arduino
https://github.com/ArminJo/Arduino-BlueDisplay.git|Contributed|BlueDisplay
https://github.com/H-Kurosaki/UARDECS_MEGA.git|Contributed|UARDECS_MEGA Library
https://github.com/Infineon/TLx4966-Direction-Speed-Sensor.git|Contributed|TLx4966-Direction-Speed-Sensor
https://github.com/Infineon/TLI4970-D050T4-Current-Sensor.git|Contributed|TLI4970
https://github.com/Infineon/RGB-LED-Lighting-Shield-XMC1202.git|Contributed|RGB LED Lighting Shield XMC1202
https://github.com/Infineon/Stepper-Motor-Shield-IFX9201-XMC1300.git|Contributed|IFX9201_XMC1300_StepperMotor
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Arcada_GifDecoder.git|Contributed|Adafruit Arcada GifDecoder
https://github.com/haimoz/SoftFilters.git|Contributed|SoftFilters
https://github.com/drewfish/arduino-TrimWright.git|Contributed|TrimWright
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/TM1638plus.git|Contributed|TM1638plus
https://github.com/getlarge/arduino-device.git|Contributed|AloesDevice
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_DS3502.git|Contributed|Adafruit DS3502
https://github.com/GreenPonik/DFRobot_ESP_EC_BY_GREENPONIK.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ESP_EC_BY_GREENPONIK
https://github.com/GreenPonik/DFRobot_ESP_PH_WITH_ADC_BY_GREENPONIK.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ESP_PH_WITH_ADC_BY_GREENPONIK
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_PixelDust.git|Contributed|Adafruit PixelDust
https://github.com/haakonnessjoen/TCA6416A.git|Contributed|TCA6416A
https://github.com/asukiaaa/BLVD20KM_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|BLVD20KM_asukiaaa
https://github.com/amaxilat/ble_definitions.git|Contributed|ble_definitions
https://github.com/ARSadri/PushButtonClicks.git|Contributed|PushButton Event Modelling Library
https://github.com/ayushsharma82/WebSerial.git|Contributed|WebSerial
https://github.com/vishnumaiea/ISL1208-RTC-Library.git|Contributed|ISL1208-RTC-Library
https://github.com/asukiaaa/ThingSpeak_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|ThingSpeak_asukiaaa
https://github.com/iliaslamprou/virtuino.git|Contributed|Virtuino
https://github.com/mprograms/SimpleRotary.git|Contributed|SimpleRotary
https://github.com/NordicAlliance/arduino-tgui.git|Contributed|Tgui
https://github.com/brianrho/GT5X.git|Contributed|GT5X
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_FeatherOLED.git|Contributed|Adafruit Feather OLED
https://github.com/full-stack-ex/tiny-template-engine-arduino.git|Contributed|TinyTemplateEngine
https://github.com/AidenKunkler-Peck/Tactile-Necklace.git|Contributed|TactNecklace
https://github.com/remoteme/esp8266-OLED.git|Contributed|ESP8266-OLED Display Library
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_FW_Si7013.git|Contributed|EmotiBit SI7013
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/FourteenSegDisplay.git|Contributed|FourteenSegDisplay
https://github.com/alexbertis/LibreriaLedRGB.git|Contributed|LedRGBlib
https://github.com/onelife/RTT-GUI.git|Contributed|RTT-GUI
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_ADIS16470.git|Contributed|Grove 6Axis_Digital_Accelerometer_Gyroscope4_ADIS16470
https://github.com/kd8bxp/TheTroll.git|Contributed|TheTroll
https://github.com/iagows/arduino_io.git|Contributed|Simple Repository IO
https://github.com/AmbientDataInc/Ambient_ESP8266_lib.git|Contributed|Ambient ESP32 ESP8266 lib
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Relay_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Relay Arduino Library
https://github.com/FortySevenEffects/serde.git|Contributed|Serde
https://github.com/jlusPrivat/SimpleHOTP.git|Contributed|SimpleHOTP
https://gitlab.com/robostarter/starterremote.git|Contributed|StarterRemote
https://github.com/bxparks/AceTime.git|Contributed|AceTime
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VCNL4040.git|Contributed|Adafruit VCNL4040
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_FW_FeatherWing.git|Contributed|EmotiBit FeatherWing
https://github.com/EmotiBit/BMI160-Arduino.git|Contributed|EmotiBit BMI160
https://github.com/cmaglie/UselessLib.git|Contributed|UselessLib
https://github.com/OpenFTC/HiTechnic-Arduino.git|Contributed|HiTechnic-Arduino
https://github.com/bipropellant/bipropellant-hoverboard-api.git|Contributed|HoverboardAPI
https://github.com/luciansabo/GP2YDustSensor.git|Contributed|Sharp GP2Y Dust Sensor
https://github.com/TomasRoj/OctopusLab-Library.git|Contributed|OctopusLab-Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_RFID_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic RFID Arduino Library
https://github.com/earthtown/8_digit_vfd.git|Contributed|Klang Electronics 8 Digit VFD
https://github.com/asukiaaa/WiredController_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|WiredController_asukiaaa
https://github.com/TanPitch/ButtonKing.git|Contributed|ButtonKing
https://github.com/934virginia/Norman.git|Contributed|Norman
https://github.com/andhieSetyabudi/atlas_OEM.git|Contributed|atlas OEM module
https://github.com/ldab/ESP32_FTPClient.git|Contributed|esp32_ftpclient
https://github.com/eduardomarcos/arduino-esp32-restclient.git|Contributed|ESP32 Rest Client
https://github.com/Isaranu/Senses_wifi.git|Contributed|Senses_wifi
https://github.com/MartyMacGyver/ESP32-Digital-RGB-LED-Drivers.git|Contributed|ESP32 Digital RGB LED Drivers
https://github.com/WifWaf/MCP45HVX1.git|Contributed|MCP45HVX1
https://github.com/WifWaf/AT24CM01.git|Contributed|AT24CM01
https://github.com/WifWaf/TCA9548A.git|Contributed|TCA9548A
https://github.com/LinnesLab/MAX541X.git|Contributed|MAX541X
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_TMP117_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun High Precision Temperature Sensor TMP117 Qwiic
https://github.com/PulseRain/Step_CYC10_I2C.git|Contributed|Step_CYC10_I2C
https://github.com/dok-net/CoopTask.git|Contributed|CoopTask
https://github.com/philbowles/esparto.git|Contributed|Esparto
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/SX126x-Arduino.git|Contributed|SX126x-Arduino
https://github.com/jonnieZG/LinkedPointerList.git|Contributed|LinkedPointerList
https://github.com/skx/Z80RetroShield.git|Contributed|Z80RetroShield
https://github.com/kigster/back-seat-driver.git|Contributed|BackSeatDriver
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_DotStarMatrix.git|Contributed|Adafruit DotStarMatrix
https://github.com/Isaranu/Senses_NBIoT.git|Contributed|Senses_NBIoT
https://github.com/a7md0/WakeOnLan.git|Contributed|WakeOnLan
https://github.com/lexus2k/tinyproto.git|Contributed|tinyproto
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_WS2812B_RGBLED_Controller.git|Contributed|Freenove WS2812B RGBLED Controller
https://github.com/thapakorn613/GoGoBoard-Library.git|Contributed|LILCMU GoGoBoard Library
https://github.com/adafruit/SdFat.git|Contributed|SdFat - Adafruit Fork
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MCP9600_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MCP9600 Thermocouple Library
https://github.com/Infineon/hall-switch.git|Contributed|Hall-Switch
https://github.com/bitixel/Omron_D6FPH.git|Contributed|Omron D6F-PH Arduino Library
https://github.com/ThaiEasyElec/TEE_UC20_Shield.git|Contributed|TEE UC20 Shield
https://github.com/PulseRain/Step_CYC10_Seven_Seg_Display.git|Contributed|Step_CYC10_Seven_Seg_Display
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Ambient_Light_Sensor_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Ambient Light Sensor Arduino Library
https://github.com/Isaranu/Senses_wifi_esp32.git|Contributed|Senses_wifi_esp32
https://github.com/ameer1234567890/ShiftDisplay2.git|Contributed|ShiftDisplay2
https://github.com/dushyantahuja/TFL-Status.git|Contributed|TFL-Status
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MSA301.git|Contributed|Adafruit MSA301
https://github.com/kk6axq/BraccioV2.git|Contributed|BraccioV2
https://github.com/Stan-Reifel/TeensyUserInterface.git|Contributed|TeensyUserInterface
https://github.com/facts-engineering/ViewMarq.git|Contributed|ViewMarq
https://github.com/JSC-electronics/SimpleRelay.git|Contributed|SimpleRelay
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_uc1701.git|Contributed|bb_uc1701
https://github.com/miguel5612/Arduino-ThermistorLibrary.git|Contributed|ThermistorLibrary
https://github.com/fp64lib/fp64lib.git|Contributed|fp64lib
https://github.com/miguel5612/MQSensorsLib.git|Contributed|MQUnifiedsensor
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AK975x_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun AK975X Human Presence Sensor Library
https://github.com/AllWize/mbus-payload.git|Contributed|MBUSPayload
https://github.com/ElectronicCats/CayenneLPP.git|Contributed|CayenneLPP
https://github.com/sleepdefic1t/bcl.git|Contributed|bcl
https://github.com/UnexpectedMaker/tinypico-helper.git|Contributed|TinyPICO Helper Library
https://github.com/AKJ7/TM1637.git|Contributed|TM1637 Driver
https://github.com/graybiel-laboratory/GeneralPurposeMotionDetector.git|Contributed|GeneralPurposeMotionDetector
https://github.com/JSC-electronics/ObjectButton.git|Contributed|ObjectButton
https://github.com/Naguissa/uMuxOutputLib.git|Contributed|uMuxOutputLib
https://github.com/JRVeale/function-fsm.git|Contributed|FunctionFsm
https://github.com/kbernario/PaunaStepper.git|Contributed|PaunaStepper
https://github.com/SoonerRobotics/RobotLib.git|Contributed|RobotLib
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Button_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Button and Qwiic Switch Library
https://github.com/RyoKosaka/HelloDrum-arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Hello Drum
https://github.com/constiko/RV-3028_C7-Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|RTC RV-3028-C7 Arduino Library
https://github.com/francibm97/UM3750.git|Contributed|um3750-library
https://github.com/brigosx/SevenSeg4D.git|Contributed|SevenSeg4D
https://github.com/dushyantahuja/IPGeolocation.git|Contributed|IPGeolocation
https://github.com/siara-cc/Unishox_Arduino_Progmem_lib.git|Contributed|Unishox Progmem Decompressor
https://github.com/EdanPotter/end-device-radioenge.git|Contributed|RadioengeLoraWAN
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Bio_Sensor_Hub_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Bio Sensor Hub Library
https://github.com/yyuri/Switch_lib.git|Contributed|Switch_lib
https://github.com/GypsyRobot/MusicBuzzer.git|Contributed|MusicBuzzer
https://github.com/iliaslamprou/virtuinoCM.git|Contributed|VirtuinoCM
https://github.com/Master811129/MicroTone.git|Contributed|MicroTone
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IHM12A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IHM12A1
https://github.com/xinyu198736/arduino-aliyun-iot-sdk.git|Contributed|AliyunIoTSDK
https://github.com/ZulNs/STM32F1_RTC.git|Contributed|STM32F1_RTC
https://github.com/GypsyRobot/CuteBuzzerSounds.git|Contributed|CuteBuzzerSounds
https://github.com/xoseperez/s7xg.git|Contributed|S7XG
https://github.com/jandrassy/WiFiEspAT.git|Contributed|WiFiEspAT
https://github.com/arash77/BaleMessengerBot_Arduino.git|Contributed|BaleMessengerBot_Arduino
https://github.com/mprograms/QMC5883LCompass.git|Contributed|QMC5883LCompass
https://github.com/lexus2k/lcdgfx.git|Contributed|lcdgfx
https://github.com/Lynxmotion/LSS_Library_Arduino.git|Contributed|Lynxmotion Smart Servo -LSS-
https://github.com/ImpulseAdventure/Waveshare_ILI9486.git|Contributed|Waveshare ILI9486
https://github.com/elC0mpa/EnergyMeter.git|Contributed|EnergyMeter
https://github.com/ravelab/JsonLogger.git|Contributed|JsonLogger
https://github.com/rfetick/Kalman.git|Contributed|Kalman
https://github.com/datacute/TinyOLED-Fonts.git|Contributed|TinyOLED-Fonts
https://github.com/purwar2016/PreciseMovement-library.git|Contributed|PreMo - Virtual Path Following
https://github.com/kiryanenko/TTP229.git|Contributed|TTP229
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_PCT2075.git|Contributed|Adafruit PCT2075
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AS726x.git|Contributed|Adafruit AS726X
https://github.com/adafruit/TinyXML.git|Contributed|TinyXML
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Pixie.git|Contributed|Adafruit Pixie
https://github.com/M-Reimer/IwitVolumeKnob.git|Contributed|IwitVolumeKnob
https://github.com/BoschSensortec/BSEC-Arduino-library.git|Contributed|BSEC Software Library
https://github.com/RB-ENantel/RC_ESC.git|Contributed|RC_ESC
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/SerialTransfer.git|Contributed|SerialTransfer
https://github.com/bkolicoski/arduino-youtube-sight.git|Contributed|YouTube Sight
https://github.com/gutierrezps/gwiot7941e.git|Contributed|Gwiot 7941E
https://github.com/jfitter/MLX90614.git|Contributed|EAA_MLX90614
https://github.com/u-fire/uFire_SHT20.git|Contributed|uFire SHT20
https://github.com/Master811129/PF.git|Contributed|PF
https://github.com/Rotario/arduinoCurveFitting.git|Contributed|CurveFitting
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LIS2DH12_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LIS2DH12 Arduino Library
https://github.com/M-Reimer/EncoderStepCounter.git|Contributed|EncoderStepCounter
https://github.com/Pylo/MCreatorLinkArduino.git|Contributed|MCreator Link
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8PWM.git|Contributed|XLR8PWM
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8RC.git|Contributed|XLR8RC
https://github.com/djuseeq/Ch376msc.git|Contributed|Ch376msc
https://github.com/Warlib1975/Irms_calc.git|Contributed|Irms_calc
https://github.com/offcircuit/GPS.git|Contributed|GPS
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-ReactiveArduino.git|Contributed|ReactiveArduino
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/ArduinoLinq.git|Contributed|CppLinq
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-Interpolation.git|Contributed|InterpolationLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-Easing.git|Contributed|EasyingLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-SyncWaveforms.git|Contributed|SyncWaveformsLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-Parser.git|Contributed|Parser
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-EasyComma.git|Contributed|EasyCommaLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-BTS7960.git|Contributed|BTS7960
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-TriangleSolver.git|Contributed|TriangleSolverLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-Storyboard.git|Contributed|StoryBoardLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-MultiTask.git|Contributed|MultiTaskLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-AsyncTask.git|Contributed|AsyncTaskLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-AsyncTimer.git|Contributed|AsyncTimerLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-AsyncSerial.git|Contributed|AsyncSerial
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-AsyncServo.git|Contributed|AsyncServoLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-AsyncSonar.git|Contributed|AsyncSonar
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-AsyncStepper.git|Contributed|AsyncStepperLib
https://github.com/luisllamasbinaburo/Arduino-SimpleStepper.git|Contributed|SimpleStepper
https://github.com/bitbank2/esp32_gamepad.git|Contributed|esp32_gamepad
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LSM303_Accel.git|Contributed|Adafruit LSM303 Accel
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LSM303DLH_Mag.git|Contributed|Adafruit LSM303DLH Mag
https://github.com/tcafiero/SensorCommunicationLib.git|Contributed|Sensor Communication Library
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_SN76489.git|Contributed|MD_SN76489
https://github.com/codinghusi/ArduinoKnockPatternDetector.git|Contributed|KnockPatternDetector
https://github.com/cesanta/elk.git|Contributed|elk
https://github.com/squaresausage/WinbondW25N.git|Contributed|Winbond W25N
https://github.com/asukiaaa/INA226_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|INA226_asukiaaa
https://github.com/embeddedartistry/arduino-printf.git|Contributed|LibPrintf
https://github.com/pu2clr/SI4844.git|Contributed|PU2CLR SI4844
https://github.com/ridencww/cww_MorseTx.git|Contributed|CWW Morse Transmit
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/efont.git|Contributed|efont Unicode Font Data
https://github.com/JSC-electronics/Adeon.git|Contributed|Adeon
https://github.com/SimpleHacks/QDEC.git|Contributed|QDEC
https://github.com/logickworkshop/du-ino.git|Contributed|DU-INO
https://github.com/cattanimarco/Grafici-GFX.git|Contributed|Grafici-GFX
https://github.com/bitbank2/ssd1327.git|Contributed|ssd1327
https://github.com/kiryanenko/SimpleTimer.git|Contributed|SimpleTimer
https://github.com/offcircuit/RTCDS1307.git|Contributed|RTCDS1307
https://github.com/ElectronicCats/Beelan-LoRaWAN.git|Contributed|Beelan LoRaWAN
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_WavePlayer.git|Contributed|Adafruit WavePlayer Library
https://github.com/SodaqMoja/Sodaq_R4X_MQTT.git|Contributed|Sodaq_R4X_MQTT
https://github.com/CircuitMess/CircuitMess-Ringo.git|Contributed|Ringo by CircuitMess Library
https://github.com/lbussy/LCBUrl.git|Contributed|LCBUrl
https://github.com/sphero-inc/sphero-sdk-arduino-cpp-library-manager.git|Contributed|SpheroRVR
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MPU6050.git|Contributed|Adafruit MPU6050
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acan-t4.git|Contributed|ACAN_T4
https://github.com/Liksu/7SegmentsSnake.git|Contributed|Snake
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ATECCX08a_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ATECCX08a Arduino Library
https://github.com/INFICON-Spot/inficon-spot-lib.git|Contributed|INFICON Spot Library
https://github.com/sinricpro/esp8266-esp32-sdk.git|Contributed|SinricPro
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_spi_lcd.git|Contributed|bb_spi_lcd
https://github.com/desklab/desklab-arduino-lib.git|Contributed|desklab
https://github.com/andhieSetyabudi/BQ25896.git|Contributed|BQ25896
https://github.com/CytronTechnologies/CytronMakerSumo.git|Contributed|Cytron Maker Sumo Library
https://github.com/GypsyRobot/Formulinha.git|Contributed|Formulinha
https://bitbucket.org/christandlg/iaq-coremi.git|Contributed|iAQ-CoreMI
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AVRProg.git|Contributed|Adafruit AVRProg
https://github.com/ciband/avr_stl.git|Contributed|avr_stl
https://github.com/Teknologiskolen/HCSR04.git|Contributed|Afstandssensor - HCSR04
https://github.com/ehajo/LM75B.git|Contributed|eHaJo LM75-Addon-Board
https://github.com/fablab-bayreuth/WTV020SD16P.git|Contributed|WTV020SD16P
https://github.com/asukiaaa/AD5254_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|AD5254_asukiaaa
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TFLite.git|Contributed|Adafruit TensorFlow Lite
https://github.com/mobizt/FirebaseJson.git|Contributed|FirebaseJson
https://github.com/antoniopetruzzella/BeaconNano.git|Contributed|BeaconNano
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-optiga-trust-m.git|Contributed|OPTIGA Trust M
https://github.com/Alex079/TinySuite.git|Contributed|TinySuite
https://github.com/SeeedJP/GroveDriverPack.git|Contributed|GroveDriverPack
https://github.com/GerLech/WebConfig.git|Contributed|WebConfig
https://github.com/datacentricdesign/dcd-sdk-arduino.git|Contributed|DCD SDK for Arduino
https://github.com/Rotario/noveltyDetection.git|Contributed|NoveltyDetection
https://github.com/Naguissa/uCRC16XModemLib.git|Contributed|uCRC16XModemLib
https://github.com/helium/longfi-arduino.git|Contributed|LongFi
https://github.com/DimensionEngineering/Kangaroo_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Kangaroo Motion Controller
https://github.com/marecl/HPDL1414.git|Contributed|HPDL1414
https://github.com/SteveGdvs/MCP48xx.git|Contributed|MCP48xx DAC Library
https://github.com/RealTadango/FrSky.git|Contributed|S.Port sensor library for FrSky
https://github.com/kcl93/Tasks.git|Contributed|Task Scheduler
https://github.com/siara-cc/sqlite_micro_logger_arduino.git|Contributed|Sqlite Micro Logger
https://github.com/pu2clr/SI4735.git|Contributed|PU2CLR SI4735
https://github.com/GTO2013/EMUSerial.git|Contributed|EMUSerial
https://github.com/connornishijima/Lixie_II.git|Contributed|Lixie II
https://github.com/yknivag/PxMatrixChristmasIcons.git|Contributed|PxMatrix Christmas Icons
https://github.com/budryerson/TFMini-Plus-I2C.git|Contributed|TFMPI2C
https://github.com/neosarchizo/TinyGPS.git|Contributed|TinyGPS
https://github.com/ThingPulse/esp8266-oled-ssd1306.git|Contributed|ESP8266 and ESP32 OLED driver for SSD1306 displays
https://github.com/RexMORE/MOREbot_Games.git|Contributed|MOREbot Games Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_9DOF.git|Contributed|Adafruit 9DOF
https://github.com/ArminJo/ATtinySerialOut.git|Contributed|ATtinySerialOut
https://github.com/u-fire/uFire_PAR.git|Contributed|uFire PAR Sensor
https://github.com/MHotchin/YAAWS.git|Contributed|YAAWS
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/DFPlayerMini_Fast.git|Contributed|DFPlayerMini_Fast
https://github.com/mickey9801/MultiButtons.git|Contributed|MultiButtons
https://github.com/mickey9801/BlinkControl.git|Contributed|BlinkControl
https://github.com/stephentracz/StivSeg.git|Contributed|StivSeg
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_HM01B0_Camera_ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|SparkFun Himax HM01B0 Camera
https://github.com/huilab/HoneywellTruStabilitySPI.git|Contributed|Honeywell TruStability SPI
https://github.com/huilab/HoneywellZephyrI2C.git|Contributed|Honeywell Zephyr I2C
https://github.com/GerLech/TouchEvent.git|Contributed|TouchEvent
https://github.com/cerebro11101/CerebroBoards.git|Contributed|cerebro
https://github.com/javisank/LibSemaforo.git|Contributed|LibSemaforo
https://github.com/matthew-dickson-epic/TimeInterrupt.git|Contributed|TimeInterrupt
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/ELMduino.git|Contributed|ELMDuino
https://github.com/ArduinoGetStarted/button.git|Contributed|ezButton
https://github.com/sqfmi/Watchy.git|Contributed|Watchy
https://github.com/oberonspace/krypton.git|Contributed|Krypton
https://github.com/khoih-prog/TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/andriitishchenko/HardwareButton.git|Contributed|Hardware Buttons
https://github.com/adafruit/TFTLCD-Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit TFTLCD Library
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|ESP32TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP8266TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|ESP8266TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Blynk_WM.git|Contributed|Blynk_WiFiManager
https://github.com/Jones1403/SPI-DAC7611.git|Contributed|SPI-DAC7611
https://github.com/javisank/LibEstacionamiento.git|Contributed|LibEstacionamiento
https://github.com/javisank/LibMiniSys.git|Contributed|LibMiniSys
https://github.com/AlexIII/EEvar.git|Contributed|EEvar
https://github.com/Bodmer/TJpg_Decoder.git|Contributed|TJpg_Decoder
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/SHT1x-ESP.git|Contributed|SHT1x sensor library for ESPx
https://github.com/hideakitai/ESP32DMASPI.git|Contributed|ESP32DMASPI
https://github.com/kcl93/VT100.git|Contributed|VT100
https://github.com/BlaT2512/sevenSegment.git|Contributed|sevenSegment
https://github.com/mcxiaoke/ESPDateTime.git|Contributed|ESPDateTime
https://github.com/Aduen/ThreadedTimer.git|Contributed|ThreadedTimer
https://github.com/hideakitai/TsyDMASPI.git|Contributed|TsyDMASPI
https://github.com/allthingstalk/arduino-wifi-sdk.git|Contributed|AllThingsTalk WiFi SDK
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP8266_ISR_Servo.git|Contributed|ESP8266_ISR_Servo
https://github.com/CreativeRobotics/Commander.git|Contributed|Commander
https://github.com/facts-engineering/P1AM.git|Contributed|P1AM
https://github.com/TinyCircuits/TinyCircuits-Wireling-Lib.git|Contributed|Wireling
https://github.com/imfrancisd/MorseCodeMachine.git|Contributed|MorseCodeMachine
https://github.com/SimpleHacks/hw_rng.git|Contributed|nrf_rng
https://github.com/SimpleHacks/EzDmaHelper.git|Contributed|EzDmaHelper
https://github.com/Gruppio/Throttle.git|Contributed|Throttle
https://github.com/PRosenb/SPIFFS_FilePrint.git|Contributed|SPIFFS_FilePrint
https://github.com/telecombretagne/YACL.git|Contributed|YACL
https://github.com/ocrdu/Arduino_SAMD21_turbo_PWM.git|Contributed|SAMD21 turbo PWM
https://github.com/ehajo/WSEN-PADS.git|Contributed|eHaJo Absolute Pressure Addon
https://github.com/javisank/LibLucesCiudad.git|Contributed|LibLucesCiudad
https://github.com/javisank/LibSemaforosCiudad.git|Contributed|LibSemaforosCiudad
https://github.com/javisank/LibEdificio.git|Contributed|LibEdificio
https://gitlab.com/arduino-libraries/stackstring.git|Contributed|StackString
https://github.com/fabriziop/aTalkArduino.git|Contributed|aTalkArduino
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_External_EEPROM_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun External EEPROM Arduino Library
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_ISR_Servo.git|Contributed|ESP32_ISR_Servo
https://github.com/Nyanyan/FastCapacitiveSensor.git|Contributed|FastCapacitiveSensor
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/Teensy_3X_Multipurpose_Board.git|Contributed|Teensy_3X_Multipurpose_Board
https://github.com/regimantas/Oversampling.git|Contributed|Oversampling
https://github.com/mehyaa/esp8266-iot-helper.git|Contributed|ESP8266IoTHelper
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP_WiFiManager.git|Contributed|ESP_WiFiManager
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MCP4728.git|Contributed|Adafruit MCP4728
https://github.com/yesbotics/voltmeter.git|Contributed|Voltmeter
https://github.com/yesbotics/interval-callback.git|Contributed|IntervalCallback
https://github.com/yesbotics/average-value.git|Contributed|AverageValue
https://github.com/yesbotics/timeout-callback.git|Contributed|TimeoutCallback
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP_DoubleResetDetector.git|Contributed|ESP_DoubleResetDetector
https://github.com/Panjkrc/TCS3200_library.git|Contributed|tcs3200
https://github.com/DBS06/CERP_DF_Robot_Wireless_GamePad_V2.git|Contributed|CERP - DF-Robot Wireless GamePad V2.0 for Arduino library
https://github.com/fhessel/esp32_https_server.git|Contributed|ESP32_HTTPS_Server
https://github.com/ArduinoGetStarted/output.git|Contributed|ezOutput
https://github.com/Simsso/ShiftRegister-PWM-Library.git|Contributed|ShiftRegister-PWM-Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LIS3MDL.git|Contributed|Adafruit LIS3MDL
https://github.com/mcci-catena/MCCI_FRAM_I2C.git|Contributed|MCCI FRAM I2C
https://github.com/ostaquet/Arduino-SIM800L-driver.git|Contributed|SIM800L HTTP connector
https://github.com/MHotchin/Waveshare4InchTftShield.git|Contributed|Waveshare 4 Inch Tft Touchscreen
https://github.com/tyrkelko/sn76489.git|Contributed|SN76489
https://github.com/SukkoPera/PsxNewLib.git|Contributed|PsxNewLib
https://github.com/mickey9801/ButtonFever.git|Contributed|ButtonFever
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MLX90640.git|Contributed|Adafruit MLX90640
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SensorLab.git|Contributed|Adafruit Sensor Lab
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LSM6DS.git|Contributed|Adafruit LSM6DS
https://github.com/CGrassin/M62429_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|M62429 Volume Control Library
https://github.com/yesbotics/simple-serial-protocol-arduino.git|Contributed|SimpleSerialProtocol
https://github.com/mmuratyilmaz/KAI-Pro.git|Contributed|KAI Pro Library
https://github.com/thebigpotatoe/Effortless-SPIFFS.git|Contributed|Effortless-SPIFFS
https://github.com/matusm/Arduino-DataSeriesPod.git|Contributed|DataSeriesPod
https://github.com/jcubuntu/iBit_Arduino.git|Contributed|iBit_Arduino
https://github.com/matafonoff/J1850-VPW-Arduino-Transceiver-Library.git|Contributed|J1850 VPW Arduino Transceiver Library
https://github.com/tobozo/ImgurUploader.git|Contributed|ESP32-imgur-uploader
https://github.com/ardnew/ILI9341-Layout-Manager.git|Contributed|ILI9341-Layout-Manager
https://github.com/ardnew/STUSB4500.git|Contributed|STUSB4500
https://bitbucket.org/christandlg/tsl2591mi.git|Contributed|TSL2591MI
https://github.com/guglicap/arduino-pv.git|Contributed|sunezy-mon
https://github.com/matusm/Arduino-E2.git|Contributed|aE2
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LIS2MDL.git|Contributed|Adafruit LIS2MDL
https://github.com/wyolum/jsonlib.git|Contributed|jsonlib
https://github.com/snototter/BasicTinkering.git|Contributed|BasicTinkering
https://github.com/melopero/Melopero_LSM9DS1_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Melopero LSM9DS1
https://github.com/elC0mpa/OLED_SSD1306_Chart.git|Contributed|OLED_SSD1306_Chart
https://github.com/samelement/ACS-M1128.git|Contributed|ACS-M1128
https://github.com/bigclownlabs/SoilSensor.git|Contributed|SoilSensor
https://github.com/Silvan85/Nova_SDS011.git|Contributed|Nova_SDS011 Sensor Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_HyperDisplay.git|Contributed|SparkFun HyperDisplay
https://github.com/sparkfun/HyperDisplay_ILI9163C_ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|SparkFun HyperDisplay ILI9163C
https://github.com/sparkfun/HyperDisplay_SSD1309_ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|SparkFun HyperDisplay SSD1309
https://github.com/sparkfun/HyperDisplay_KWH018ST01_4WSPI_ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|SparkFun HyperDisplay KWH018ST01
https://github.com/sparkfun/HyperDisplay_UG2856KLBAG01_ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|SparkFun HyperDisplay Transparent Graphical OLED
https://github.com/mmojana/pca9634-arduino-library.git|Contributed|PCA9634 library
https://github.com/ardnew/XPT2046_Calibrated.git|Contributed|XPT2046_Calibrated
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Atom.git|Contributed|M5Atom
https://github.com/jackrobotics/HONEYLemon.git|Contributed|HONEYLemon
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_MAX30101.git|Contributed|EmotiBit MAX30101
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_NCP5623.git|Contributed|EmotiBit NCP5623
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_MLX90632.git|Contributed|EmotiBit MLX90632
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/CTC-Go-Motions-Expansion.git|Contributed|CTC GO MOTIONS
https://github.com/yoprogramo/ESP_QRcode.git|Contributed|ESP QRcode
https://github.com/AIS-DeviceInnovation/Magellan_SIM7020E.git|Contributed|Magellan_SIM7020E
https://github.com/khoih-prog/BlynkEthernet_WM.git|Contributed|BlynkEthernet_Manager
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_10DOF.git|Contributed|Adafruit 10DOF
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_DPS310.git|Contributed|Adafruit DPS310
https://github.com/Andy4495/LED744511.git|Contributed|LED744511
https://github.com/Andy4495/ICM7218.git|Contributed|ICM7218
https://github.com/Andy4495/TLC591x.git|Contributed|TLC591x
https://github.com/neonode-inc/zforce-arduino.git|Contributed|zForce Air Library
https://github.com/MHotchin/BalBoaSpa.git|Contributed|Balboa Spa communications
https://github.com/tobozo/ESP32-Chimera-Core.git|Contributed|ESP32-Chimera-Core
https://github.com/cygig/TimerEvent.git|Contributed|TimerEvent
https://github.com/predicteur/Serie.git|Contributed|Serie
https://github.com/EasyIoT-BR/Easyiot-Esp8266.git|Contributed|Easyiot-Esp8266
https://github.com/LuisMiCa/IRsmallDecoder.git|Contributed|IRsmallDecoder
https://github.com/kniwwelino/KniwwelinoLib.git|Contributed|Kniwwelino
https://github.com/gordonthree/pca9633.git|Contributed|pca9633
https://github.com/khoih-prog/BlynkESP32_BT_WF.git|Contributed|BlynkESP32_BT_WF
https://github.com/steenerson/Plex64.git|Contributed|Plex64
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/FireTimer.git|Contributed|FireTimer
https://github.com/jihoonkimtech/UltraSonic_Lib.git|Contributed|UltraSonic_Lib
https://github.com/jvpernis/esp32-ps3.git|Contributed|PS3 Controller Host
https://github.com/red-scorp/LiquidCrystal_AIP31068.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystal_AIP31068
https://github.com/red-scorp/SoftSPIB.git|Contributed|SoftSPIB
https://github.com/adafruit/Audio.git|Contributed|Audio - Adafruit Fork
https://github.com/peterus/INA226Lib.git|Contributed|INA226Lib
https://github.com/bitbank2/Thermal_Printer.git|Contributed|Thermal Printer Library
https://github.com/BlaT2512/Segment.git|Contributed|Segment
https://github.com/ruminize/FlashLightLED.git|Contributed|FlashLightLED
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/UlpDebug.git|Contributed|ESP32 ULP Debugger
https://github.com/wasm3/wasm3-arduino.git|Contributed|Wasm3
https://github.com/mt-elektrik/MteCore.git|Contributed|MteCore
https://github.com/silvervest/Silvervest_OLED_0010_SPI.git|Contributed|Silvervest OLED-0010 SPI
https://github.com/khoih-prog/BlynkGSM_Manager.git|Contributed|BlynkGSM_Manager
https://github.com/yknivag/ESP_OTA_GitHub.git|Contributed|ESP OTA GitHub
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_XPlat_Utils.git|Contributed|EmotiBit XPlat Utils
https://github.com/Nouryas-Tech/Nouryas-Advanced-Line-Follower-Array.git|Contributed|Nouryas Advanced Line Follower
https://github.com/Velleman/Tuyav.git|Contributed|Tuyav
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/EloquentTinyML.git|Contributed|EloquentTinyML
https://github.com/Lynxmotion/AlternativeLSS.git|Contributed|AlternativeLSS
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_YM2413.git|Contributed|MD_YM2413
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Blynk_Teensy.git|Contributed|Blynk_Teensy
https://github.com/MartinL1/BMP388_DEV.git|Contributed|BMP388_DEV
https://github.com/RoboticsBrno/ServoESP32.git|Contributed|ServoESP32
https://github.com/ademuri/smart-input-filter.git|Contributed|smart-input-filter
https://github.com/Wh1teRabbitHU/EEPROMAdapter.git|Contributed|EEPROMAdapter
https://github.com/tr4cker-app/tr4cker.git|Contributed|Tr4cker
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Sensor_Calibration.git|Contributed|Adafruit Sensor Calibration
https://github.com/Aypac/Arduino-TR-064-SOAP-Library.git|Contributed|TR064
https://github.com/sudomesh/LoRaLayer2.git|Contributed|LoRaLayer2
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/MicroTuple.git|Contributed|MicroTuple
https://github.com/IowaScaledEngineering/arduino-irsense.git|Contributed|I2C-IRSENSE Library
https://github.com/barisdinc/LibAPRS_Tracker.git|Contributed|LibAPRS_Tracker
https://github.com/rstephan/ArtnetWifi.git|Contributed|ArtnetWifi
https://github.com/Suraj151/pdi-framework.git|Contributed|pdi-framework
https://github.com/jspark311/CppPotpourri.git|Contributed|CppPotpourri
https://github.com/s-light/slight_Fade.git|Contributed|slight_Fade
https://github.com/s-light/slight_ButtonInput.git|Contributed|slight_ButtonInput
https://github.com/s-light/slight_RotaryEncoder.git|Contributed|slight_RotaryEncoder
https://github.com/s-light/slight_DebugMenu.git|Contributed|slight_DebugMenu
https://github.com/s-light/slight_TLC5957.git|Contributed|slight_TLC5957
https://github.com/s-light/slight_FDC1004.git|Contributed|slight_FDC1004
https://github.com/s-light/slight_LiquidCrystalDummy.git|Contributed|slight_LiquidCrystalDummy
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Blynk_Esp8266AT_WM.git|Contributed|Blynk_Esp8266AT_WM
https://github.com/Mixiaoxiao/Arduino-HomeKit-ESP8266.git|Contributed|HomeKit-ESP8266
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/DUE_Schmitt.git|Contributed|DUE_schmitt
https://github.com/miko007/SerialTerminal.git|Contributed|SerialTerminalPRO
https://github.com/ramonheras/Pixel-and-Play-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Panel.h for NeoPixel Matrix
https://github.com/whatnick/CS5464_Arduino.git|Contributed|CS5464 Arduino
https://github.com/whatnick/ATM90E26_Arduino.git|Contributed|ATM90E26 Arduino
https://github.com/jspark311/Arduino-SX150x.git|Contributed|SX150x
https://github.com/jspark311/Arduino-ADG2128.git|Contributed|ADG2128
https://github.com/jspark311/Arduino-DS1881.git|Contributed|DS1881
https://github.com/jspark311/Arduino-SX8634.git|Contributed|SX8634
https://github.com/marccolemont/CRMX_TimoTwo.git|Contributed|CRMX_TimoTwo
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/ADC_Sampler.git|Contributed|ADC_SAmpler
https://github.com/khoih-prog/EthernetWebServer.git|Contributed|EthernetWebServer
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_nRFCrypto.git|Contributed|Adafruit nRFCrypto
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP8266_AT_WebServer.git|Contributed|ESP8266_AT_WebServer
https://github.com/ademuri/twilio-esp32-client.git|Contributed|twilio-esp32-client
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_STUSB4500_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun STUSB4500
https://github.com/rgot-org/TheThingsNetwork_esp32.git|Contributed|TTN_esp32
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_MKRMEM.git|Contributed|Arduino_MKRMEM
https://github.com/tobiasschuerg/InfluxDB-Client-for-Arduino.git|Contributed|ESP8266 Influxdb
https://github.com/mihai-dinculescu/arduino-gravity-soil-moisture-sensor.git|Contributed|Gravity Soil Moisture Sensor
https://github.com/tobozo/ESP32-targz.git|Contributed|ESP32-targz
https://github.com/Starmbi/hp_BH1750.git|Contributed|hp_BH1750
https://github.com/khoih-prog/functional-vlpp.git|Contributed|Functional-Vlpp
https://github.com/luni64/TeensyTimerTool.git|Contributed|TeensyTimerTool
https://github.com/khoih-prog/BlynkEthernet_STM32_WM.git|Contributed|BlynkEthernet_STM32_WM
https://github.com/openlcb/OpenLCB_Single_Thread.git|Contributed|OpenLCB_Single_Thread
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Clock_5P49V60_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Clock 5P49V60 Arduino Library
https://github.com/lucadentella/ArduinoLib_CEClient.git|Contributed|CEClient
https://github.com/khoih-prog/EthernetWebServer_STM32.git|Contributed|EthernetWebServer_STM32
https://github.com/KorneliusThomas/PIDcontrollersModularProfessional.git|Contributed|PID controllers Modular Professional
https://github.com/HidWizards/UCR-ESP8266.git|Contributed|UCR ESP8266
https://github.com/ElectronicCats/ElectronicCats-PN7150.git|Contributed|Electronic Cats PN7150
https://github.com/DavidArmstrong/SCL3300.git|Contributed|SCL3300
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_NAU7802.git|Contributed|Adafruit NAU7802 Library
https://github.com/bridystone/SevSegShift.git|Contributed|SevSegShift
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_HTS221.git|Contributed|Adafruit HTS221
https://github.com/gramedek/pio8255.git|Contributed|PIO8255
https://github.com/ekkai/PMD4.git|Contributed|dustSensor_kocoa
https://github.com/mateusjunges/accel-stepper-with-distances.git|Contributed|AccelStepperWithDistances
https://github.com/JHershey69/DarkSkySevenDay.git|Contributed|DarkSkySevenDay
https://github.com/Infineon/TLI4971-Current-Sensor.git|Contributed|TLI4971-Current-Sensor
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LPS2X.git|Contributed|Adafruit LPS2X
https://github.com/IGB-Germany/ComDriverSpi.git|Contributed|ComDriverSpi
https://github.com/peterus/APRS-IS-Lib.git|Contributed|APRS-IS-Lib
https://github.com/peterus/APRS-Decoder-Lib.git|Contributed|APRS-Decoder-Lib
https://github.com/cygig/SerialConfigCommand.git|Contributed|SerialConfigCommand
https://github.com/WD24/AD5231-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|AD5231 Arduino Library
https://github.com/OPEnSLab-OSU/FeatherFault.git|Contributed|FeatherFault
https://github.com/stm32duino/ST25DV.git|Contributed|STM32duino ST25DV
https://github.com/gigabits-org/gigabits-arduino.git|Contributed|Gigabits
https://github.com/lathoub/USB-MIDI.git|Contributed|USB-MIDI
https://github.com/asukiaaa/I2cMotors_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|I2cMotors_asukiaaa
https://github.com/tejashwikalptaru/ssd1306xled.git|Contributed|ssd1306xled
https://github.com/rahulstva/Motor_RS.git|Contributed|Motor_RS
https://github.com/J-Rios/uTLGBotLib-arduino.git|Contributed|uTLGBotLib
https://github.com/KwangryeolPark/GLCD_QY_12864BG.git|Contributed|basicGLCD
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP_AT_WiFiManager.git|Contributed|ESP_AT_WiFiManager
https://github.com/Jaapdedood/ArxRobot-Library.git|Contributed|ArxRobot Library
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP_AT_WM_Lite.git|Contributed|ESP_AT_WM_Lite
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM6DSOX.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM6DSOX
https://github.com/JVKran/Forced-BME280.git|Contributed|Forced-BME280
https://github.com/stm32duino/STTS22H.git|Contributed|STM32duino STTS22H
https://github.com/stm32duino/ISM330DLC.git|Contributed|STM32duino ISM330DLC
https://github.com/stm32duino/IIS2MDC.git|Contributed|STM32duino IIS2MDC
https://github.com/cafehaine/SimpleShell.git|Contributed|SimpleShell
https://github.com/JenertsA/VCNL3040_Proximity_Sensor_Library.git|Contributed|VCNL3040 Proximity Sensor Library
https://github.com/joonazan/nina-fast-bluetooth.git|Contributed|FastBLE
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_TMP102_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun TMP102 Breakout
https://github.com/lathoub/EthernetBonjour.git|Contributed|EthernetBonjour
https://github.com/rfetick/MPU6050_light.git|Contributed|MPU6050_light
https://github.com/BlueDot-Arduino/BlueDot_BMA400.git|Contributed|BlueDot BMA400 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AHT10.git|Contributed|Adafruit AHT10
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-MCP2515.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-MCP2515
https://github.com/natchaipon/SnailwalkPromptpay.git|Contributed|SnailwalkPromptpay
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Step_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Step Arduino Library
https://github.com/CircuitsFun/CircuitsFunBasic-Library-for-Arduino.git|Contributed|CircuitsFunBasic
https://github.com/LSatan/SmartRC-CC1101-Driver-Lib.git|Contributed|SmartRC-CC1101-Driver-Lib
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Alphanumeric_Display_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Alphanumeric Display Arduino Library
https://github.com/HendrikVE/Arduino-PCA9633.git|Contributed|NXP PCA9633
https://github.com/bmts/FMDataClient.git|Contributed|FMDataClient
https://github.com/noah1510/LedController.git|Contributed|LedController
https://gitlab.com/Enrico204/sam32wifiesp.git|Contributed|SAM32WiFiEsp
https://github.com/postpersonality/melt-7segment-lcd.git|Contributed|Melt7SegLcd
https://github.com/RobTillaart/FastMap.git|Contributed|FastMap
https://github.com/melopero/Melopero_SAM-M8Q_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Melopero SAM-M8Q
https://github.com/melopero/Melopero_UBX.git|Contributed|Melopero UBX Protocol
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Max44009.git|Contributed|Max44009
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ACS712.git|Contributed|ACS712
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD524X.git|Contributed|AD524X
https://github.com/Uberi/Arduino-CommandParser.git|Contributed|CommandParser
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_DS1841.git|Contributed|Adafruit DS1841
https://github.com/qubitro/mqtt-client-arduino.git|Contributed|QubitroMqttClient
https://github.com/CircuitsFun/CircuitsFunProjects-Library-for-Arduino.git|Contributed|CircuitsFunProjects
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AM232X.git|Contributed|AM232X
https://github.com/porrey/EEPROM-Storage.git|Contributed|EEPROM-Storage
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AnalogPin.git|Contributed|AnalogPin
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFiWebServer.git|Contributed|WiFiWebServer
https://github.com/dirkx/CurrentTransformerWithCallbacks.git|Contributed|CurrentTransformerWithCallbacks
https://github.com/LennartHennigs/Button2.git|Contributed|Button2
https://github.com/LennartHennigs/ESPRotary.git|Contributed|ESP Rotary
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFiManager_NINA_Lite.git|Contributed|WiFiManager_NINA_Lite
https://github.com/tasos12/ev3-arduino.git|Contributed|ev3-arduino
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AverageAngle.git|Contributed|AverageAngle
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Angle.git|Contributed|Angle
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_DE2120_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun DE2120 2D Barcode Reader
https://github.com/HendrikVE/Arduino-LiquidCrystalWired.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystalWired
https://github.com/HendrikVE/Arduino-DFR0554.git|Contributed|DFR0554
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AsyncAnalog.git|Contributed|AsyncAnalog
https://github.com/samverstraete/TimerFour.git|Contributed|TimerFour32u4
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Cozir.git|Contributed|Cozir
https://github.com/pstolarz/CoopThreads.git|Contributed|CoopThreads
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_RV-8803_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic RTC RV8803 Arduino Library
https://github.com/ai-techsystems/arduino.git|Contributed|deepC
https://github.com/RobTillaart/CountDown.git|Contributed|CountDown
https://github.com/Rufus31415/Sharer.git|Contributed|Sharer
https://github.com/cygig/SDConfigCommand.git|Contributed|SDConfigCommand
https://github.com/kpn-iot/thingsml-c-library.git|Contributed|ThingsML
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BQ27441_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BQ27441 LiPo Fuel Gauge Arduino Library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Complex.git|Contributed|Complex
https://github.com/RobTillaart/BoolArray.git|Contributed|BoolArray
https://github.com/RobTillaart/BitArray.git|Contributed|BitArray
https://github.com/NathanBak/astra_esp8266.git|Contributed|astra_esp8266
https://github.com/AlexandreHiroyuki/MovingAveragePlus.git|Contributed|MovingAveragePlus
https://github.com/LennartHennigs/ESPBattery.git|Contributed|ESP Battery
https://github.com/LennartHennigs/ESPTelnet.git|Contributed|ESP Telnet
https://github.com/RobTillaart/BH1750FVI_RT.git|Contributed|BH1750FVI_RT
https://github.com/MakerSpaceLeiden/rfid.git|Contributed|MFRC522-spi-i2c-uart-async
https://github.com/dirkx/OptocouplerDebouncer.git|Contributed|OptoDebounce
https://github.com/Uberi/Arduino-HardwareBLESerial.git|Contributed|HardwareBLESerial
https://github.com/Zwer2k/WeatherStationDataRx.git|Contributed|WeatherStationDataRx
https://github.com/stm32duino/S2-LP.git|Contributed|STM32duino S2-LP
https://github.com/stm32duino/M95640-R.git|Contributed|STM32duino M95640-R
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-S2868A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-S2868A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-S2868A2.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-S2868A2
https://github.com/janw-cz/JWA_BME280.git|Contributed|JWA BME280
https://github.com/RobTillaart/avrheap.git|Contributed|AvrHeap
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFiNINA_Generic.git|Contributed|WiFiNINA_Generic
https://github.com/dleval/STLED316S.git|Contributed|STLED316S
https://gitlab.com/Ama_De/as5200l-arduino.git|Contributed|AS5200L
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Blynk_WiFiNINA_WM.git|Contributed|Blynk_WiFiNINA_WM
https://github.com/Seithan/EasyNextionLibrary.git|Contributed|Easy Nextion Library
https://github.com/arkhipenko/EspBootstrap.git|Contributed|EspBootstrap
https://github.com/marcmerlin/Framebuffer_GFX.git|Contributed|Framebuffer GFX
https://github.com/marcmerlin/FastLED_NeoMatrix.git|Contributed|FastLED NeoMatrix
https://github.com/marcmerlin/SmartMatrix_GFX.git|Contributed|SmartMatrix GFX
https://github.com/marcmerlin/FastLED_SPITFT_GFX.git|Contributed|FastLED_SPITFT_GFX
https://github.com/marcmerlin/FastLED_TFTWrapper_GFX.git|Contributed|FastLED_TFTWrapper_GFX
https://github.com/marcmerlin/FastLED_RPIRGBPanel_GFX.git|Contributed|FastLED_RPIRGBPanel_GFX
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-BMP388.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-BMP388
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LvGL_Glue.git|Contributed|Adafruit LittlevGL Glue Library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DAC8554.git|Contributed|DAC8554
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DAC8552.git|Contributed|DAC8552
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DAC8551.git|Contributed|DAC8551
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Temperature.git|Contributed|Temperature
https://github.com/BrinoOficial/BibliotecaBrino.git|Contributed|Brino
https://github.com/kcl93/muCom.git|Contributed|muCom
https://github.com/drug123/T67XX.git|Contributed|Telaire T6700 CO2 Sensor Module Library
https://github.com/levosos/Controlino.git|Contributed|Controlino
https://github.com/ThingPulse/XPT2046_Touchscreen.git|Contributed|ThingPulse XPT2046 Touch
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-S2915A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-S2915A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM6DSR.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM6DSR
https://github.com/stm32duino/ASM330LHH.git|Contributed|STM32duino ASM330LHH
https://github.com/elpinjo/CumulocityClient.git|Contributed|Cumulocity IoT client
https://github.com/DaleGia/ESPStringTemplate.git|Contributed|ESPStringTemplate
https://github.com/DBSStore/DBS_Lib.git|Contributed|DBS-Lib
https://github.com/leaphy-robotics/leaphy-extensions-original.git|Contributed|Leaphy Original Extension
https://github.com/HomeDing/HomeDing.git|Contributed|HomeDing
https://github.com/Yurik72/ESPHap.git|Contributed|ESPHap
https://github.com/kosme/flex_DST.git|Contributed|flex_DST
https://github.com/antoinepetty/RMCS-220X-Control.git|Contributed|RMCS-220X
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DHT12.git|Contributed|DHT12
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DS28CM00.git|Contributed|DS28CM00
https://github.com/fhessel/esp32_https_server_compat.git|Contributed|esp32_https_server_compat
https://github.com/solidsnake745/MIDI_Device_Controller.git|Contributed|MIDI Device Controller
https://github.com/madhephaestus/ESP32AnalogRead.git|Contributed|ESP32AnalogRead
https://github.com/askuric/Arduino-FOC.git|Contributed|Simple FOC
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DS18B20.git|Contributed|DS18B20_RT
https://github.com/DhrBaksteen/ArduinoPianoBoard.git|Contributed|Piano Board
https://github.com/ademuri/esp-simple-web-dashboard.git|Contributed|simple-web-dashboard
https://github.com/arkhipenko/Dictionary.git|Contributed|Dictionary
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MultiMap.git|Contributed|MultiMap
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DHTNew.git|Contributed|DHTNEW
https://github.com/gicking/LIN_master_Arduino.git|Contributed|LIN master emulation with background operation
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DistanceTable.git|Contributed|DistanceTable
https://github.com/Nargott/birdhouse_sdk.git|Contributed|BirdhouseSDK
https://github.com/TcMenu/LiquidCrystalIO.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystalIO
https://github.com/RobTillaart/FastShiftIn.git|Contributed|FastShiftIn
https://github.com/RobTillaart/FastShiftOut.git|Contributed|FastShiftOut
https://github.com/Asyasyarif/RFID-Spacecat.git|Contributed|Spacecat
https://github.com/TaraHoleInIt/Subpixie.git|Contributed|Subpixie
https://github.com/Robotechnic/DigiKeyboardFr.git|Contributed|DigiKeyboardFr
https://github.com/khoih-prog/DoubleResetDetector_Generic.git|Contributed|DoubleResetDetector_Generic
https://github.com/adrien-legrand/as5x47.git|Contributed|AS5X47
https://github.com/smaffer/espvgax2.git|Contributed|ESPVGAX2
https://github.com/hpwit/SID6581.git|Contributed|SID6581
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Humidity_AHT20_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Humidity AHT20
https://github.com/JHershey69/OpenWeatherOneCall.git|Contributed|OpenWeatherOneCall
https://github.com/bremme/arduino-tm1637.git|Contributed|SevenSegmentTM1637
https://github.com/RobTillaart/RunningMedian.git|Contributed|RunningMedian
https://github.com/RobTillaart/RunningAverage.git|Contributed|RunningAverage
https://github.com/bitbank2/OneBitDisplay.git|Contributed|OneBitDisplay
https://github.com/ewpa/LibSSH-ESP32.git|Contributed|LibSSH-ESP32
https://github.com/poelstra/arduino-multi-button.git|Contributed|MultiButton
https://github.com/hectorespert/SolarCharger.git|Contributed|SolarCharger
https://github.com/drewfish/arduino-FourRegs.git|Contributed|FourRegs
https://github.com/marhar/ArrbotMonitor.git|Contributed|ArrbotMonitor
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/XLR8PID.git|Contributed|XLR8PID
https://github.com/JemRF/max7219.git|Contributed|max7219
https://github.com/DaleGia/ESPFlash.git|Contributed|ESPFlash
https://github.com/lathoub/Arduino-ipMIDI.git|Contributed|ipMIDI
https://github.com/almavios/almavios-lit-mqtt.git|Contributed|AlmaviosLitMqtt
https://github.com/CelliesProjects/wm8978-esp32.git|Contributed|wm8978-esp32
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SET.git|Contributed|SET
https://github.com/RobTillaart/FRAM_I2C.git|Contributed|FRAM_I2C
https://github.com/hideakitai/MsgPack.git|Contributed|MsgPack
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PrintString.git|Contributed|PrintString
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PrintSize.git|Contributed|PrintSize
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PrintCharArray.git|Contributed|PrintCharArray
https://github.com/asukiaaa/utils_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|utils_asukiaaa
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/SdTerminal.git|Contributed|SdTerminal
https://github.com/RoCorbera/BlueVGA.git|Contributed|BlueVGA Library for BluePill
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ANSI.git|Contributed|ANSI
https://github.com/levosos/Midier.git|Contributed|Midier
https://github.com/melopero/Melopero_AMG8833_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Melopero AMG8833
https://github.com/koendv/STM32duino-Semihosting.git|Contributed|STM32duino-Semihosting
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Fraction.git|Contributed|Fraction
https://github.com/RobTillaart/XMLWriter.git|Contributed|XMLWriter
https://github.com/hideakitai/ArxContainer.git|Contributed|ArxContainer
https://github.com/DanielSaromo/PyDuinoBridge.git|Contributed|PyDuinoBridge
https://github.com/Nospampls/SchedTask.git|Contributed|SchedTask
https://gitlab.com/virchow-personal/arduino-ledflasher.git|Contributed|ledflasher
https://github.com/madhephaestus/lx16a-servo.git|Contributed|lx16a-servo
https://github.com/davidepalladino/Button-Arduino.git|Contributed|Button-Arduino
https://github.com/orbitalair/Rtc_Pcf8563.git|Contributed|Rtc_Pcf8563
https://github.com/sebaJoSt/BlaeckSerial.git|Contributed|BlaeckSerial
https://github.com/RobTillaart/StopWatch_RT.git|Contributed|StopWatch_RT
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Troolean.git|Contributed|Troolean
https://github.com/Protocentral/protocentral_healthypi4_arduino.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral HealthyPi v4 Library
https://github.com/hideakitai/ArxTypeTraits.git|Contributed|ArxTypeTraits
https://github.com/hideakitai/ArxSmartPtr.git|Contributed|ArxSmartPtr
https://github.com/allthingstalk/arduino-ltem-sdk.git|Contributed|AllThingsTalk LTE-M SDK
https://github.com/closedcube/ClosedCube_SHTC3_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube SHTC3
https://github.com/andydoro/DST_RTC.git|Contributed|DST RTC
https://github.com/casanovg/Nb_Micro.git|Contributed|NbMicro
https://github.com/casanovg/Nb_TimonelTwiM.git|Contributed|TimonelTwiM
https://github.com/casanovg/Nb_TwiBus.git|Contributed|TwiBus
https://github.com/casanovg/nb-twi-cmd.git|Contributed|nb-twi-cmd
https://github.com/jmparatte/jm_LCM2004A_I2C.git|Contributed|jm_LCM2004A_I2C
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/LinxESP32.git|Contributed|LinxESP32
https://github.com/saghonfly/SimpleEspNowConnection.git|Contributed|SimpleEspNowConnection
https://github.com/CelliesProjects/moonPhase-esp32.git|Contributed|MoonPhase
https://github.com/TcMenu/tcMenuLib.git|Contributed|tcMenu
https://github.com/ostaquet/Arduino-MQ131-driver.git|Contributed|MQ131 gas sensor
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_PHT_MS8607_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun PHT MS8607 Arduino Library
https://github.com/LAtimes2/InternalTemperature.git|Contributed|InternalTemperature
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LIS331.git|Contributed|Adafruit LIS331
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Prandom.git|Contributed|Prandom
https://github.com/mjackdk/AmbientCO2.git|Contributed|AmbientCO2
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Protomatter.git|Contributed|Adafruit Protomatter
https://github.com/morcibacsi/arduino_tss463_van.git|Contributed|Atmel TSS463C VAN bus Datalink Controller library
https://github.com/morcibacsi/esp32_rmt_van_rx.git|Contributed|ESP32 RMT Peripheral VAN bus reader library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Statistic.git|Contributed|Statistic
https://github.com/distrakt/OmEspHelpers.git|Contributed|OmEspHelpers
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SHT31.git|Contributed|SHT31
https://github.com/BrandeisMakerLab/Arduino_Education.git|Contributed|ElectronicsEducation
https://github.com/Fuzzer11/SDconfig.git|Contributed|SDConfig
https://github.com/Juerd/ESP-WiFiSettings.git|Contributed|ESP-WiFiSettings
https://github.com/hideakitai/Debug.git|Contributed|DebugLog
https://github.com/fabianoriccardi/rtcmemory.git|Contributed|RTCMemory
https://github.com/arbv/avr-context.git|Contributed|AVR-context
https://github.com/hideakitai/MsgPacketizer.git|Contributed|MsgPacketizer
https://github.com/Electro707/Simple-LED-Matrix-Library.git|Contributed|Simple LED Matrix
https://github.com/koendv/SerialWireOutput.git|Contributed|SerialWireOutput
https://github.com/PalladinoMarco/AlignedJoystick.git|Contributed|AlignedJoy
https://github.com/mertwhocodes/mwc_stepper.git|Contributed|mwc_stepper
https://github.com/sqfmi/HPDL1414-74HC595-Arduino.git|Contributed|HPDL1414-74HC595
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Correlation.git|Contributed|Correlation
https://github.com/Paraphraser/NodeRedTime.git|Contributed|NodeRedTime
https://github.com/wroob-io/arduino-wroobimp.git|Contributed|WroobImp
https://github.com/SvenRosvall/SignalControl.git|Contributed|SignalControl
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_I2C_Mux_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun I2C Mux Arduino Library
https://github.com/lovyan03/LovyanGFX.git|Contributed|LovyanGFX
https://github.com/MAINAKMONDAL98/MSMPLOTTER.git|Contributed|MSMPLOTTER
https://github.com/emelianov/modbus-esp8266.git|Contributed|modbus-esp8266
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PulsePattern.git|Contributed|PulsePattern
https://github.com/wollewald/MCP23017_WE.git|Contributed|MCP23017_WE
https://github.com/RobTillaart/LineFormatter.git|Contributed|LineFormatter
https://github.com/sblantipodi/arduino_bootstrapper.git|Contributed|Bootstrapper
https://github.com/adameat/MaximWire.git|Contributed|MaximWire
https://github.com/cesanta/mjson.git|Contributed|mjson
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_IridiumSBD_I2C_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|IridiumSBDi2c
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_PM25AQI.git|Contributed|Adafruit PM25 AQI Sensor
https://gitlab.com/arduino23/ExtendedTouchEvent.git|Contributed|ExtendedTouchEvent
https://github.com/davidwhitney/snakelights.git|Contributed|snakelights
https://github.com/wollewald/SI1145_WE.git|Contributed|SI1145_WE
https://github.com/wollewald/AP3216_WE.git|Contributed|AP3216_WE
https://github.com/wollewald/BH1750_WE.git|Contributed|BH1750_WE
https://github.com/wollewald/VL6180X_WE.git|Contributed|VL6180X_WE
https://github.com/algoduino/algoduino.git|Contributed|Algoduino
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SSD1305.git|Contributed|Adafruit SSD1305
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MP3.git|Contributed|Adafruit MP3
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PinOutGroup.git|Contributed|PinOutGroup
https://github.com/shashikg/PixhawkArduinoMAVLink.git|Contributed|PixhawkArduinoMAVLink
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WebSockets_Generic.git|Contributed|WebSockets_Generic
https://github.com/Technickfreak/LoRa-payload-BKU.git|Contributed|LoRa-payload-BKU
https://github.com/ldab/KXTJ3-1057.git|Contributed|KXTJ3-1057
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AHTX0.git|Contributed|Adafruit AHTX0
https://github.com/philj404/SimpleSerialShell.git|Contributed|SimpleSerialShell
https://github.com/hunamizawa/ESPPerfectTime.git|Contributed|ESPPerfectTime
https://github.com/pu2clr/AKC695X.git|Contributed|PU2CLR AKC695X
https://github.com/cvmanjoo/RTC.git|Contributed|RTC
https://github.com/somefunAgba/ModernPIDControlSS.git|Contributed|ModernPIDControlSS
https://github.com/ZinggJM/GFX_Root.git|Contributed|GFX_Root
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SHTC3.git|Contributed|Adafruit SHTC3 Library
https://github.com/tfeldmann/Arduino-Timeout.git|Contributed|SimpleTimeout
https://github.com/ameer1234567890/TelnetStream2.git|Contributed|TelnetStream2
https://github.com/qisun1/ESP8266_LED_64x16_Matrix.git|Contributed|ESP8266_LED_64x16_Matrix
https://github.com/hideakitai/Sony9PinRemote.git|Contributed|Sony9PinRemote
https://github.com/joshnishikawa/Flicker.git|Contributed|Flicker
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCA9685_RT.git|Contributed|PCA9685_RT
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/Arduino_TensorFlowLite_ESP32.git|Contributed|TensorFlowLite_ESP32
https://github.com/devinaconley/arduino-plotter.git|Contributed|Plotter
https://github.com/pranjal-joshi/TSD305Lib-Arduino.git|Contributed|TSD305lib
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SHEX.git|Contributed|SHEX
https://github.com/lvgl/lv_arduino.git|Contributed|lv_arduino
https://github.com/khoih-prog/SinricPro_Generic.git|Contributed|SinricPro_Generic
https://github.com/PulseRain/PulseRainUARTConsole.git|Contributed|PulseRainUARTConsole
https://github.com/tripplefox/TsicSensor.git|Contributed|TsicSensor
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCF8574.git|Contributed|PCF8574
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PinInGroup.git|Contributed|PinInGroup
https://github.com/LeandroLimaPRO/Pressure.git|Contributed|PressureNXPMXP
https://github.com/claws/BH1750.git|Contributed|BH1750
https://github.com/lesterlo/Notched-Shaft-Encoder.git|Contributed|Notched Shaft Encoder
https://github.com/fabianoriccardi/melody-player.git|Contributed|Melody Player
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SH110x.git|Contributed|Adafruit SH110X
https://github.com/lebuni/ZACwire-Library.git|Contributed|ZACwire for TSic
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCA9635.git|Contributed|PCA9635
https://github.com/Smartphone-Companions/ESP32-ANCS-Notifications.git|Contributed|ESP32 BLE ANCS Notifications
https://github.com/wollewald/INA219_WE.git|Contributed|INA219_WE
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_PCF8591.git|Contributed|Adafruit PCF8591
https://github.com/skaarj1989/mWebSockets.git|Contributed|mWebSockets
https://github.com/csash7/mbed-BLE-Mouse.git|Contributed|Mbed BLE Mouse
https://github.com/gin66/FastAccelStepper.git|Contributed|FastAccelStepper
https://github.com/VassilyDev/TSController.git|Contributed|TSController
https://github.com/ciniml/ExtFlashLoader.git|Contributed|ExtFlashLoader
https://github.com/RobTillaart/HT16K33.git|Contributed|HT16K33
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/VNCL4020C-Arduino.git|Contributed|VNCL4020C-Arduino
https://github.com/RobTillaart/HMC6352.git|Contributed|HMC6352
https://github.com/Saruccio/ESPpassthrough.git|Contributed|ESPpassthrough
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Histogram.git|Contributed|Histogram
https://github.com/Microbot-it/Microbot-Motor-Shield.git|Contributed|Microbot_Motor_Shield
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/SafeString.git|Contributed|SafeString
https://github.com/RobTillaart/FunctionGenerator.git|Contributed|FunctionGenerator
https://github.com/hideakitai/ArxStringUtils.git|Contributed|ArxStringUtils
https://github.com/IGB-Germany/IGB-FlashSst26.git|Contributed|IGB-FlashSst26
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ICM20X.git|Contributed|Adafruit ICM20X
https://github.com/forntoh/LcdMenu.git|Contributed|LcdMenu
https://github.com/hideakitai/PollingTimer.git|Contributed|PollingTimer
https://github.com/RobTillaart/nibbleArray.git|Contributed|NibbleArray
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MS5611.git|Contributed|MS5611
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ML8511.git|Contributed|ML8511
https://github.com/pothos/arduino-n64-controller-library.git|Contributed|N64Controller
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP4725.git|Contributed|MCP4725
https://github.com/MeelonUsk/tb9051ftg-motor-carrier-arduino.git|Contributed|TB9051FTGMotorCarrier
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MAX31855_RT.git|Contributed|MAX31855_RT
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP23017_RT.git|Contributed|MCP23017_RT
https://github.com/connornishijima/Pixie.git|Contributed|Pixie
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP9808_RT.git|Contributed|MCP9808_RT
https://github.com/michalmonday/CSV-Parser-for-Arduino.git|Contributed|CSV Parser
https://github.com/RobTillaart/I2C_ASDX.git|Contributed|I2C_ASDX
https://github.com/WPIRoboticsEngineering/RBE1001Lib.git|Contributed|RBE1001Lib
https://github.com/RobTillaart/I2C_EEPROM.git|Contributed|I2C_EEPROM
https://github.com/wollewald/INA226_WE.git|Contributed|INA226_WE
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Power_Switch_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Power Switch Arduino Library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/weight.git|Contributed|weight
https://github.com/RobTillaart/HX711.git|Contributed|HX711
https://github.com/StrathbogieBrewing/AceMenu.git|Contributed|AceMenu
https://github.com/SpellFoundry/SleepyPi2.git|Contributed|Sleepy Pi 2
https://github.com/SpellFoundry/PCF8523.git|Contributed|PCF8523
https://github.com/TheJLifeX/ScrollingText8x8Display.git|Contributed|ScrollingText8x8Display
https://gitlab.com/chatpeth/nx2003.git|Contributed|NX2003 library
https://github.com/pu2clr/KT0915.git|Contributed|PU2CLR KT0915
https://github.com/signetica/MoonRise.git|Contributed|MoonRise
https://github.com/signetica/SunRise.git|Contributed|SunRise
https://github.com/RockoonTechnologies/PadComLib.git|Contributed|PadComLib
https://github.com/jasonacox/TM1637TinyDisplay.git|Contributed|TM1637TinyDisplay
https://github.com/harnettlab/vl53l0x-arduino.git|Contributed|vl53l0xTOFA
https://github.com/antevir/OrviboS20_Arduino.git|Contributed|Orvibo WiWo S20 Library
https://github.com/dabshield/DABShield.git|Contributed|DABShield
https://github.com/RobTillaart/I2CKeyPad.git|Contributed|I2CKeyPad
https://github.com/0xCAFEDECAF/VanBus.git|Contributed|VanBus
https://gitlab.com/rhombio/rhio-LIS2HH12.git|Contributed|rhio-LIS2HH12
https://github.com/plenprojectcompany/PLEN5Stack.git|Contributed|PLEN5Stack
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DEVRANDOM.git|Contributed|DEVRANDOM
https://github.com/OpenSourceMedicalRobots/Endo-Continuum-Robot-Library.git|Contributed|Endo-Continuum-Robot
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ParallelPrinter.git|Contributed|ParallelPrinter
https://github.com/AIS-DeviceInnovation/Magellan_BC95_lite.git|Contributed|Magellan_BC95_lite
https://github.com/AIS-DeviceInnovation/Magellan_BC95.git|Contributed|Magellan_BC95
https://github.com/pu2clr/SI470X.git|Contributed|PU2CLR SI470X
https://github.com/Infineon/IFX007T-Motor-Control.git|Contributed|IFX007T-Motor-Control
https://github.com/MHotchin/RLEBitmap.git|Contributed|RLEBitmap
https://github.com/jordancrubin/ballvalve.git|Contributed|Ballvalve
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DEVNULL.git|Contributed|DEVNULL
https://github.com/adafruit/TinyDHT.git|Contributed|TinyDHT sensor library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PAR27979.git|Contributed|PAR27979
https://github.com/hideakitai/Easing.git|Contributed|Easing
https://github.com/hideakitai/Tween.git|Contributed|Tween
https://github.com/gutierrezps/ESP32_I2C_Slave.git|Contributed|ESP32 I2C Slave
https://bitbucket.org/harmonicbionics/ease_arduinocode.git|Contributed|EASE_ArduinoCode
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ADS122C04_ADC_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ADS122C04 ADC Arduino Library
https://github.com/shuvangkar/RingEEPROM.git|Contributed|RingEEPROM
https://github.com/RobTillaart/printHelpers.git|Contributed|printHelpers
https://github.com/RobTillaart/IEEE754tools.git|Contributed|IEEE754tools
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DHTstable.git|Contributed|DHTStable
https://github.com/RobTillaart/RADAR.git|Contributed|RADAR
https://github.com/Botly-Studio/Botly-Library.git|Contributed|Botly
https://github.com/davidepalladino/AnalogIO-Arduino.git|Contributed|AnalogIO-Arduino
https://github.com/pkerspe/ESP-StepperMotor-Server.git|Contributed|ESP-StepperMotor-Server
https://github.com/CAFxX/gmp-ino.git|Contributed|gmp-ino
https://github.com/sensslen/LibLanc.git|Contributed|LibLanc
https://github.com/pu2clr/RDA5807.git|Contributed|PU2CLR RDA5807
https://github.com/mattshepcar/SmoothLed.git|Contributed|SmoothLed
https://github.com/pkerspe/ESP-FlexyStepper.git|Contributed|ESP-FlexyStepper
https://github.com/mrcodetastic/json-streaming-parser2.git|Contributed|Json Streaming Parser 2
https://github.com/pixelmatix/GifDecoder.git|Contributed|GifDecoder
https://github.com/RobTillaart/statHelpers.git|Contributed|statHelpers
https://github.com/hideakitai/TCA9534.git|Contributed|TCA9534
https://github.com/hideakitai/ADS1x1x.git|Contributed|ADS1x1x
https://github.com/hideakitai/DS323x.git|Contributed|DS323x
https://github.com/lendres/BatteryMeter-Arduino.git|Contributed|BatteryMeter
https://github.com/lendres/ButtonSuite-Arduino.git|Contributed|ButtonSuite
https://github.com/lendres/BlinkSuite-Arduino.git|Contributed|BlinkSuite
https://github.com/RobTillaart/randomHelpers.git|Contributed|randomHelpers
https://github.com/wollewald/ADS1115_WE.git|Contributed|ADS1115_WE
https://github.com/hideakitai/SceneManager.git|Contributed|SceneManager
https://github.com/hideakitai/TaskManager.git|Contributed|TaskManager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP_AT_Lib.git|Contributed|ESP_AT_Lib
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DHTlib.git|Contributed|DHTlib
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DHT2pin.git|Contributed|DHT2pin
https://github.com/RobTillaart/HeartBeat.git|Contributed|HeartBeat
https://github.com/RobTillaart/GY521.git|Contributed|GY521
https://github.com/xreef/EMailSender.git|Contributed|EMailSender
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WebSockets2_Generic.git|Contributed|WebSockets2_Generic
https://gitlab.com/airbornemint/arduino-protothreads.git|Contributed|Protothreads
https://github.com/pvannatto/Switch2_Lib.git|Contributed|Switch2_lib
https://github.com/fabiopjve/ULWOS2.git|Contributed|ULWOS2
https://github.com/StanislavJochman/LegoSensorAdapter.git|Contributed|LegoSensorAdapter
https://github.com/Falcons21/Custom_PID.git|Contributed|Custom PID
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-NMEA-Parser.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-NMEA-Parser
https://github.com/amperka/Octofet.git|Contributed|Octofet
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/Arduino-SDI-12.git|Contributed|SDI-12
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Optoma.git|Contributed|optoma
https://github.com/hideakitai/ES920.git|Contributed|ES920
https://github.com/RobTillaart/timing.git|Contributed|timing
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD520X.git|Contributed|AD520X
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADT7470.git|Contributed|ADT7470
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCF8591.git|Contributed|PCF8591
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MicroPressure_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MicroPressure Library
https://github.com/hideakitai/TimeProfiler.git|Contributed|TimeProfiler
https://github.com/RobTillaart/FLE.git|Contributed|FLE
https://github.com/electro-smith/DaisyDuino.git|Contributed|DaisyDuino
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Interval.git|Contributed|Interval
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_OV7670.git|Contributed|Adafruit OV7670
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AS7341.git|Contributed|Adafruit AS7341
https://github.com/dojyorin/arduino_base64.git|Contributed|base64_encode
https://github.com/dojyorin/arduino_percent.git|Contributed|percent_encode
https://github.com/vishnumaiea/R30X-Fingerprint-Sensor-Library.git|Contributed|R30X-Fingerprint-Sensor-Library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCF8575.git|Contributed|PCF8575
https://github.com/jandrassy/TelnetStream.git|Contributed|TelnetStream
https://github.com/Wh1teRabbitHU/RX8010SJ.git|Contributed|RX8010SJ
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/nRF52_OLED.git|Contributed|nRF52_OLED
https://github.com/SiddheshNan/Things-IoT-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|ThingsIoT
https://github.com/ferkoyanagi/AppFernandok.git|Contributed|App Fernando K
https://github.com/solderparty/arduino_bbq10kbd.git|Contributed|BBQ10Keyboard
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DS18B20_INT.git|Contributed|DS18B20_int
https://github.com/marcinbor85/BlinkCode.git|Contributed|BlinkCode Library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DS1821.git|Contributed|DS1821
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADS1X15.git|Contributed|ADS1X15
https://github.com/lvgl/lvgl.git|Contributed|lvgl
https://github.com/lvgl/lv_examples.git|Contributed|lv_examples
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/I2C_MPU6886.git|Contributed|I2C MPU6886 IMU
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/ESP32LitePack.git|Contributed|ESP32 Lite Pack Library
https://github.com/marcinbor85/SmartButton.git|Contributed|SmartButton Library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/M62429.git|Contributed|M62429
https://github.com/jordancrubin/watermeter.git|Contributed|Watermeter
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LC709203F.git|Contributed|Adafruit LC709203F
https://github.com/heliosproj/HeliOS.git|Contributed|HeliOS
https://github.com/khoih-prog/MDNS_Generic.git|Contributed|MDNS_Generic
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_WS2812_Lib_for_ESP32.git|Contributed|Freenove WS2812 Lib for ESP32
https://github.com/jasonacox/TinyStepper.git|Contributed|TinyStepper
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Kelvin2RGB.git|Contributed|Kelvin2RGB
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-Cyphal.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-Cyphal
https://github.com/TilenS6/SerialDraw-Library.git|Contributed|SerialDraw
https://github.com/RobTillaart/bitHelpers.git|Contributed|bitHelpers
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/I2C_BM8563.git|Contributed|I2C BM8563 RTC
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/I2C_AXP192.git|Contributed|I2C AXP192 Power management
https://github.com/ElectronicCats/AqualaboSensorsLibrary.git|Contributed|AqualaboSensor
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/evo_build_template.git|Contributed|evo_build_template
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/evo_bsp.git|Contributed|evo_bsp
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/evo_pmux_csr.git|Contributed|evo_pmux_csr
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD985X.git|Contributed|AD985X
https://github.com/bitbank2/AnimatedGIF.git|Contributed|AnimatedGIF
https://github.com/airgradienthq/arduino.git|Contributed|AirGradient Air Quality Sensor
https://github.com/datacute/TinyNunchuk.git|Contributed|TinyNunchuk
https://github.com/leftCoast/LC_baseTools.git|Contributed|LC_baseTools
https://github.com/SpinWearables/SpinWearablesFirmware.git|Contributed|SpinWearables
https://github.com/pololu/opt3101-arduino.git|Contributed|OPT3101
https://github.com/lucadentella/SPIFFS_ImageReader.git|Contributed|SPIFFS ImageReader Library
https://github.com/ukkz/green-beacon-esp32.git|Contributed|Green Beacon
https://github.com/bitbank2/JPEGDEC.git|Contributed|JPEGDEC
https://github.com/Falcons21/FSerial.git|Contributed|FSerial
https://github.com/Tintin4000/INA219B.git|Contributed|INA219B
https://gitlab.com/friml/is31fl3733.git|Contributed|is31fl3733
https://github.com/JulStrat/LibYxml.git|Contributed|LibYxml
https://github.com/nuMectro/nuMROBO.git|Contributed|nuMROBO
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP_ADC.git|Contributed|MCP_ADC
https://github.com/isaacrobinson2000/SoundPlayer.git|Contributed|SoundPlayer
https://github.com/khoih-prog/MySQL_MariaDB_Generic.git|Contributed|MySQL_MariaDB_Generic
https://github.com/abderraouf-adjal/Embedded-PID.git|Contributed|Embedded Type-C PID
https://github.com/RoboCore/RoboCore_MMA8452Q.git|Contributed|RoboCore - MMA8452Q
https://github.com/RoboCore/RoboCore_SMW-SX1276M0.git|Contributed|RoboCore - SMW_SX1276M0
https://github.com/dariomas/DigitLed72xx.git|Contributed|DigitLed72xx
https://github.com/JSC-electronics/SimpleMotionV2-Arduino.git|Contributed|SimpleMotionV2-Arduino
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MT8870.git|Contributed|MT8870
https://github.com/Arekushi/Finite-State-Machine-Arduino.git|Contributed|Finite-State-Machine-Arduino
https://github.com/kaaproject/kaa-arduino-sdk.git|Contributed|Kaa IoT Platform
https://github.com/JVKran/OneTime-BH1750.git|Contributed|OneTime-BH1750
https://github.com/d-a-v/ESPWebDAV.git|Contributed|ESPWebDAV
https://github.com/haratta27/M5Stack_SimpleBeep.git|Contributed|M5Stack_SimpleBeep
https://github.com/earlephilhower/ESP8266Audio.git|Contributed|ESP8266Audio
https://github.com/soburi/tinycbor.git|Contributed|TinyCBOR
https://github.com/NachtRaveVL/Lepton-FLiR-Arduino.git|Contributed|Lepton FLiR Thermal Camera Module Library
https://github.com/NachtRaveVL/BY8X01-16P-Arduino.git|Contributed|BY8X01-16P Audio Module Library
https://github.com/NachtRaveVL/PCA9685-Arduino.git|Contributed|PCA9685 16-Channel PWM Driver Module Library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/GAMMA.git|Contributed|GAMMA
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/Sodaq_DS3231.git|Contributed|EnviroDIY_DS3231
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/YosemitechModbus.git|Contributed|YosemitechModbus
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/KellerModbus.git|Contributed|KellerModbus
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/SensorModbusMaster.git|Contributed|SensorModbusMaster
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MS8607.git|Contributed|Adafruit MS8607
https://github.com/d03n3rfr1tz3/HC-SR04.git|Contributed|HC-SR04
https://github.com/WPIRoboticsEngineering/wpi-32u4-library.git|Contributed|wpi-32u4-library
https://github.com/freaklabs/cmdArduino.git|Contributed|cmdArduino
https://github.com/keimochizuki/cgnuino.git|Contributed|cgnuino
https://github.com/openmv/openmv-arduino-rpc.git|Contributed|OpenMV Arduino RPC
https://github.com/TcMenu/TaskManagerIO.git|Contributed|TaskManagerIO
https://github.com/milador/EasyMorse.git|Contributed|EasyMorse
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Core2.git|Contributed|M5Core2
https://github.com/HNRobotica/LineTracker5.git|Contributed|LineTracker5 Library
https://github.com/Kineis/ArduinoKim.git|Contributed|KIM
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Blynk_Async_GSM_Manager.git|Contributed|Blynk_Async_GSM_Manager
https://github.com/soburi/IoTivity-Lite_arduino-porting.git|Contributed|IoTivity-Lite_Arduino-porting
https://github.com/soburi/IoTivity-Lite.git|Contributed|IoTivity-Lite
https://github.com/JoeyStrandnes/Arduino-Toggl-API.git|Contributed|Toggl API v8 - Arduino Implementation
https://github.com/ucloud/ucloud-iot-sdk-arduino.git|Contributed|UCloudIoTSDK
https://github.com/dmadison/ServoInput.git|Contributed|ServoInput
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SSD1327.git|Contributed|Adafruit SSD1327
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Blynk_Async_ESP32_BT_WF.git|Contributed|Blynk_Async_ESP32_BT_WF
https://github.com/neroroxxx/RoxMux.git|Contributed|RoxMux
https://github.com/LinnesLab/KickSort.git|Contributed|KickSort
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Blynk_Async_WM.git|Contributed|Blynk_Async_WM
https://github.com/phyphox/phyphox-arduino.git|Contributed|phyphox BLE
https://github.com/drp0/ADCDRP.git|Contributed|ADCDRP
https://github.com/BriscoeTech/Arduino-FreeRTOS-SAMD51.git|Contributed|FreeRTOS_SAMD51
https://github.com/pu2clr/bk108x.git|Contributed|PU2CLR BK108X
https://github.com/fjebaker/MQ7.git|Contributed|MQ7Sensor
https://github.com/h2zero/NimBLE-Arduino.git|Contributed|NimBLE-Arduino
https://github.com/AnyLeaf/ph-cpp.git|Contributed|Anyleaf
https://github.com/warhog/Arduino-MedianFilter.git|Contributed|MedianFilterLib2
https://github.com/leftCoast/LC_lilParser.git|Contributed|LC_lilParser
https://github.com/LinnesLab/KickFilters.git|Contributed|KickFilters
https://github.com/LinnesLab/KickFiltersRT.git|Contributed|KickFiltersRT
https://github.com/LinnesLab/tTestTable.git|Contributed|ttestTable
https://github.com/LinnesLab/KickMath.git|Contributed|KickMath
https://github.com/LinnesLab/TrigDef.git|Contributed|TrigDef
https://github.com/linneslab/kickfft.git|Contributed|KickFFT
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESPAsync_WiFiManager.git|Contributed|ESPAsync_WiFiManager
https://github.com/DaniFoldi/Async_Operations.git|Contributed|Async_Operations
https://github.com/sstaub/Ticker.git|Contributed|Ticker
https://github.com/witnessmenow/arduino-slack-api.git|Contributed|SlackAPI
https://github.com/ZachEnglish/NanoProtoShield.git|Contributed|NanoProtoShield
https://github.com/Laserlicht/MaerklinMotorola.git|Contributed|MaerklinMotorola
https://github.com/asukiaaa/I2cControlPanel_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|I2cControlPanel_asukiaaa
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ProDriver_TC78H670FTG_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ProDriver TC78G670FTG Arduino Library
https://github.com/ocrdu/Arduino_SAMD21_Audio_Player.git|Contributed|SAMD21 Audio Player
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncHTTPRequest_Generic.git|Contributed|AsyncHTTPRequest_Generic
https://github.com/TechnoPhysCAL/TGP_Decodeur.git|Contributed|TGP Decodeur
https://github.com/khoih-prog/DDNS_Generic.git|Contributed|DDNS_Generic
https://github.com/MERG-DEV/CBUS.git|Contributed|CBUS
https://github.com/MERG-DEV/CBUS2515.git|Contributed|CBUS2515
https://github.com/MERG-DEV/CBUSLED.git|Contributed|CBUSLED
https://github.com/MERG-DEV/CBUSswitch.git|Contributed|CBUSSwitch
https://github.com/MERG-DEV/CBUSconfig.git|Contributed|CBUSconfig
https://github.com/MERG-DEV/CBUSBUZZER.git|Contributed|CBUSBUZZER
https://github.com/CsCrazy85/SCA100T.git|Contributed|SCA100T
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Particle_Sensor_SN-GCJA5_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Particle Sensor Panasonic SN-GCJA5
https://github.com/xreef/DHT12_sensor_library.git|Contributed|DHT12 sensor library
https://github.com/plapointe6/HAMqttDevice.git|Contributed|HAMqttDevice
https://github.com/rocketscream/RocketScream_LowPowerAVRZero.git|Contributed|Rocket Scream LowPowerAVRZero
https://github.com/rocketscream/RocketScream_RTCAVRZero.git|Contributed|Rocket Scream RTCAVRZero
https://github.com/RobTillaart/FastTrig.git|Contributed|FastTrig
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncDNSServer_STM32.git|Contributed|AsyncDNSServer_STM32
https://github.com/blazer82/FT81x_Arduino_Driver.git|Contributed|FT81x Arduino Driver
https://github.com/tomoto/Arduino_Tomoto_HM330X.git|Contributed|HM330X by Tomoto
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_STM32.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_STM32
https://github.com/DaleGia/Nano33BLESensor.git|Contributed|Nano33BLESensor
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_STM32.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_STM32
https://github.com/lorol/LITTLEFS.git|Contributed|LittleFS_esp32
https://github.com/aptinex/Aptinex_DAC.git|Contributed|APTINEX DAC
https://github.com/TechnoPhysCAL/TGP_Bouton.git|Contributed|TGP Bouton
https://github.com/TechnoPhysCAL/TGP_Del.git|Contributed|TGP Del
https://github.com/TechnoPhysCAL/TGP_Ecran.git|Contributed|TGP Ecran
https://github.com/TechnoPhysCAL/TGP_ProtoTGP.git|Contributed|TGP ProtoTGP
https://github.com/TechnoPhysCAL/TGP_MenuOLED.git|Contributed|TGP Menu OLED
https://github.com/Networking-for-Arduino/EthernetENC.git|Contributed|EthernetENC
https://github.com/bxparks/AceUtils.git|Contributed|AceUtils
https://github.com/Quirkbot/QuirkbotArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|Strawbees Quirkbot
https://github.com/1IoT/cloud-connectivity-lib.git|Contributed|OneIoT Connectivity
https://github.com/Robokishan/Arduino-Scheduler.git|Contributed|Taskrunner
https://github.com/HuangYuTse/GM1602lib.git|Contributed|GM1602lib
https://github.com/GGorAA/MorsDuino.git|Contributed|MorseDuino
https://github.com/thebigpotatoe/Feature-Variables.git|Contributed|Feature-Variables
https://github.com/UBTEDU/uKitExplore-library.git|Contributed|uKit Explore
https://github.com/blues/note-arduino.git|Contributed|Blues Wireless Notecard
https://github.com/xreef/ABB_Aurora_Solar_Inverter_Library.git|Contributed|ABB PowerOne Aurora inverter communication protocol
https://github.com/pacocatech/LedUtil.git|Contributed|LedUtil
https://github.com/buelowp/sunset.git|Contributed|sunset
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BNO08x.git|Contributed|Adafruit BNO08x
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BNO08x_RVC.git|Contributed|Adafruit BNO08x RVC
https://github.com/khoih-prog/UPnP_Generic.git|Contributed|UPnP_Generic
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L1.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-53L1A2.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-53L1A2
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L3CX.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L3CX
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-53L3A2.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-53L3A2
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IHM05A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IHM05A1
https://github.com/m5stack/TimerCam-arduino.git|Contributed|Timer-CAM
https://github.com/asukiaaa/I2cMultipleMotors_asukiaaa.git|Contributed|I2cMultipleMotors_asukiaaa
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_GPIO_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic GPIO TCA9534 Arduino Library
https://github.com/phlpjo/MkrGsm1400IoT.git|Contributed|MkrGsm1400IoT
https://github.com/Kongduino/LoRandom.git|Contributed|LoRandom
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-rs485.git|Contributed|rs485_asukiaaa
https://github.com/lucalas/StreamlabsArduinoAlerts.git|Contributed|StreamlabsArduinoAlerts
https://github.com/DjamesSuhanko/EasyPCF8574.git|Contributed|EasyPCF8574
https://github.com/killer0071234/esp_abus.git|Contributed|esp_abus
https://github.com/JSC-electronics/Ticker.git|Contributed|SimpleTicker
https://github.com/blackhack/LCD_I2C.git|Contributed|LCD_I2C
https://github.com/codecodecodec/CCC_Lib.git|Contributed|CodeCodeCodec Library
https://github.com/BrushlessPower/SBUS2-Telemetry.git|Contributed|SBUS2
https://github.com/KravitzLabDevices/FED3_library.git|Contributed|FED3
https://github.com/jedp/PMSensor-HPMA115.git|Contributed|PMSensor-HPMA115
https://github.com/mcci-catena/MCCI_Catena_SDP.git|Contributed|MCCI Catena SDP
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-button.git|Contributed|button_asukiaaa
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-string.git|Contributed|string_asukiaaa
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-wire.git|Contributed|wire_asukiaaa
https://github.com/budryerson/TFLuna-I2C.git|Contributed|TFLI2C
https://github.com/YashuYathi/controlKeyboard.git|Contributed|controlKeyboard
https://github.com/ArminJo/PWMMotorControl.git|Contributed|PWMMotorControl
https://github.com/lbernstone/plotutils.git|Contributed|plotutils
https://github.com/melopero/Melopero_BME280_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Melopero BME280
https://github.com/hideakitai/HyperDeck.git|Contributed|HyperDeck
https://github.com/WitchCraftWorks/arduino-MCP2515-nb.git|Contributed|MCP2515-nb
https://github.com/melopero/Melopero_RV-3028_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Melopero RV3028
https://github.com/Locoduino/LightEffect.git|Contributed|LightEffect
https://github.com/dajtxx/ZeroTC45.git|Contributed|ZeroTC45
https://github.com/SiddheshNan/ThingESP-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|ThingESP
https://github.com/melopero/Melopero_VL53L1X_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Melopero VL53L1X
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MLX90395.git|Contributed|Adafruit MLX90395
https://github.com/lathoub/Arduino-BLE-MIDI.git|Contributed|BLE-MIDI
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TLA202x.git|Contributed|Adafruit TLA202x
https://github.com/HomeControlAS/homecontrol-mqtt.git|Contributed|homecontrol-mqtt
https://github.com/Qudor-Engineer/DMD32.git|Contributed|DMD32
https://github.com/MCUdude/SigmaDSP.git|Contributed|SigmaDSP
https://github.com/ponoor/Ponoor_PowerSTEP01_Library.git|Contributed|Ponoor PowerSTEP01 Library
https://github.com/will2055/AS6212-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|AS6212 Temperature Sensor
https://github.com/RobTillaart/runningAngle.git|Contributed|runningAngle
https://github.com/Protocentral/protocentral_mlx90632_arduino.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral MLX90632 Non-contact temperature Library
https://github.com/ChrisDinhNZ/SMoS-cpp.git|Contributed|SMoS
https://github.com/dualB/Melody.git|Contributed|Melody
https://github.com/dualB/Musician.git|Contributed|Musician
https://github.com/ArsaLearn/Arsa-Main.git|Contributed|ArsaLearn
https://github.com/neroroxxx/BMC.git|Contributed|BMC
https://github.com/bitbank2/TIFF_G4.git|Contributed|TIFF_G4
https://github.com/khoih-prog/NTPClient_Generic.git|Contributed|NTPClient_Generic
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_EMC2101.git|Contributed|Adafruit EMC2101
https://github.com/xreef/PCF8575_library.git|Contributed|PCF8575 library
https://github.com/xreef/PCF8591_library.git|Contributed|PCF8591 library
https://github.com/max22-/ESP32-BLE-MIDI.git|Contributed|ESP32-BLE-MIDI
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MAX1704x_Fuel_Gauge_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MAX1704x Fuel Gauge Arduino Library
https://github.com/DjamesSuhanko/EasyColor.git|Contributed|EasyColor
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Digital_Capacitor_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Digital Capacitor Arduino Library
https://github.com/e-radionicacom/Inkplate-6-Arduino-library.git|Contributed|InkplateLibrary
https://github.com/LILCMU/GoGoBoard-Arduino.git|Contributed|GoGoBoard Arduino Library
https://github.com/NHBSystems/NHB_AD7794.git|Contributed|NHB_AD7794
https://github.com/sparkfun/HyperDisplay_ILI9341_ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|SparkFun HyperDisplay ILI9341
https://github.com/sparkfun/HyperDisplay_4DLCD-320240_ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|SparkFun HyperDisplay 4DLCD-320240
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MicroMod_Button_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MicroMod Button
https://github.com/bxparks/AceCommon.git|Contributed|AceCommon
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Timezone_Generic.git|Contributed|Timezone_Generic
https://github.com/stdevPavelmc/ft817.git|Contributed|ft817
https://github.com/khoih-prog/DS323x_Generic.git|Contributed|DS323x_Generic
https://github.com/andrasbiro/AmigaMouseJoyEmu.git|Contributed|AmigaMouseJoyEmu
https://github.com/GerLech/LG_Matrix_Print.git|Contributed|LG_Matrix_Print
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Teensy_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|Teensy_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/lexus2k/tinyhal.git|Contributed|tinyhal
https://github.com/khoih-prog/NRF52_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|NRF52_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/chayanforyou/WearLeveling.git|Contributed|WearLeveling
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ADXL313_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ADXL313 Arduino Library
https://github.com/khoih-prog/SAMD_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|SAMD_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_LIS3DHTR.git|Contributed|Grove-3-Axis-Digital-Accelerometer-2g-to-16g-LIS3DHTR
https://github.com/MrYsLab/Telemetrix4Arduino.git|Contributed|Telemetrix4Arduino
https://github.com/zkemble/nRF905-arduino.git|Contributed|nRF905 Radio Library
https://github.com/gicking/NeoHWSerial.git|Contributed|NeoHWSerial
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/ERM19264_UC1609.git|Contributed|ERM19264_UC1609
https://github.com/Protocentral/protocentral-ads1292r-arduino.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral ADS1292R ECG and Respiration boards library
https://github.com/limiteddata/SchedulerESP8266.git|Contributed|SchedulerESP8266
https://github.com/khoih-prog/STM32_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|STM32_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/rileyjshaw/Seg16.git|Contributed|Seg16
https://github.com/lucyamy/SevenSegInt.git|Contributed|SevenSegInt
https://github.com/Protocentral/ProtoCentral_ads1262.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral ADS1262 32-bit precision ADC Library
https://gitlab.com/konnekting/KonnektingFlashStorage.git|Contributed|KonnektingFlashStorage
https://github.com/Edinburgh-College-of-Art/DesignInformaticsPCB.git|Contributed|Design Informatics Base
https://github.com/kike-canaries/canairio_sensorlib.git|Contributed|CanAirIO Air Quality Sensors Library
https://github.com/mikronika/BitkitRobit.git|Contributed|BitkitRobit
https://github.com/amperka/Troyka-IMU.git|Contributed|Troyka-IMU
https://github.com/pololu/pololu-buzzer-arduino.git|Contributed|PololuBuzzer
https://github.com/RiversEngineering/RiversEngineering.git|Contributed|Rivers Engineering
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LIDARLitev4_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Garmin LIDAR-Lite v4 Arduino Library
https://github.com/lucyamy/LapX9C10X.git|Contributed|LapX9C10X
https://github.com/khoih-prog/EthernetWebServer_SSL_STM32.git|Contributed|EthernetWebServer_SSL_STM32
https://github.com/khoih-prog/EthernetWebServer_SSL.git|Contributed|EthernetWebServer_SSL
https://github.com/cima-qro/simple-box.git|Contributed|SimpleBox
https://github.com/tcoppex/mbed-ble-hid.git|Contributed|Mbed BLE HID
https://github.com/pkoerber/SMA-SunnyBoy-Reader.git|Contributed|SMA SunnyBoy Reader
https://github.com/ecal-mid/ESP32Servo360.git|Contributed|ESP32Servo360
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MLX90614_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic IR Thermometer MLX90614 Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ARGOS_ARTIC_R2_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ARGOS ARTIC R2 Arduino Library
https://github.com/leaphy-robotics/leaphy-extensions-extra.git|Contributed|Leaphy Extra Extension
https://github.com/lbernstone/rrdtool_ESP32.git|Contributed|rrdtool
https://github.com/melopero/Melopero_APDS-9960_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Melopero APDS9960
https://github.com/darrenjcosborne/NextionSerialString.git|Contributed|Nextion Serial String
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TMP117.git|Contributed|Adafruit TMP117
https://github.com/khoih-prog/TimerInterrupt_Generic.git|Contributed|TimerInterrupt_Generic
https://github.com/rodrigodornelles/arduino-tone-pitch.git|Contributed|TonePitch
https://github.com/pixetto/Pixetto.git|Contributed|Pixetto
https://github.com/Vrekrer/Vrekrer_scpi_parser.git|Contributed|Vrekrer SCPI parser
https://github.com/deploythefleet/arduino_esp8266_update.git|Contributed|DTF_ESP8266Update
https://github.com/deploythefleet/arduino_esp32_update.git|Contributed|DTF_ESP32Update
https://github.com/MacroYau/RV-3028-C7-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|RV-3028-C7
https://github.com/khoih-prog/SAMDUE_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|SAMDUE_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/combs/DLxx416_Arduino.git|Contributed|DLxx416_Arduino
https://github.com/jhershey69/WiFiTri.git|Contributed|WiFiTri
https://github.com/pololu/pololu-3pi-plus-32u4-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Pololu3piPlus32U4
https://github.com/pixelmatix/SmartMatrix.git|Contributed|SmartMatrix
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/EloquentVision.git|Contributed|EloquentVision
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-Debug.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-Debug
https://github.com/bxparks/AceCRC.git|Contributed|AceCRC
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-8x8a.git|Contributed|mrm-8x8a
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-bldc2x50.git|Contributed|mrm-bldc2x50
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-bldc4x2.5.git|Contributed|mrm-bldc4x2.5
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-board.git|Contributed|mrm-board
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-can-bus.git|Contributed|mrm-can-bus
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-common.git|Contributed|mrm-common
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-imu.git|Contributed|mrm-imu
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-ir-finder-can.git|Contributed|mrm-ir-finder-can
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-ir-finder2.git|Contributed|mrm-ir-finder2
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-ir-finder3.git|Contributed|mrm-ir-finder3
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-lid-can-b.git|Contributed|mrm-lid-can-b
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-lid-can-b2.git|Contributed|mrm-lid-can-b2
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-lid1.git|Contributed|mrm-lid1
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-lid2.git|Contributed|mrm-lid2
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-mot2x50.git|Contributed|mrm-mot2x50
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-mot4x10.git|Contributed|mrm-mot4x10
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-mot4x3.6can.git|Contributed|mrm-mot4x3.6can
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-node.git|Contributed|mrm-node
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-pid.git|Contributed|mrm-pid
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-ref-can.git|Contributed|mrm-ref-can
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-robot.git|Contributed|mrm-robot
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-servo.git|Contributed|mrm-servo
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-switch.git|Contributed|mrm-switch
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-therm-b-can.git|Contributed|mrm-therm-b-can
https://github.com/Legion2/Somfy_Remote_Lib.git|Contributed|Somfy_Remote_Lib
https://github.com/telemetryjet/telemetryjet-arduino-sdk.git|Contributed|TelemetryJet
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LTR390.git|Contributed|Adafruit LTR390 Library
https://github.com/morsisko/EasyStringStream.git|Contributed|EasyStringStream
https://github.com/HomeSpan/HomeSpan.git|Contributed|HomeSpan
https://github.com/MrYsLab/Telemetrix4Esp8266.git|Contributed|Telemetrix4Esp8266
https://github.com/lucadentella/WiThrottle.git|Contributed|WiThrottle
https://github.com/m5stack/M5EPD.git|Contributed|M5EPD
https://github.com/AlpenglowInd/FUnicorn.git|Contributed|Alpenglow FUnicorn
https://github.com/DatavenueLiveObjects/LiveObjects_SDK_for_Arduino.git|Contributed|LiveObjectsSDK
https://github.com/pololu/pololu-menu-arduino.git|Contributed|PololuMenu
https://github.com/davidchatting/Approximate.git|Contributed|Approximate
https://github.com/lucyamy/LapINA219.git|Contributed|LapINA219
https://github.com/lucyamy/LapI2CTop.git|Contributed|LapI2CTop
https://github.com/iotec-gmbh/M5_RTC_Module.git|Contributed|M5_RTC_Module
https://github.com/khoih-prog/NRF52_MBED_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|NRF52_MBED_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-TMF8801.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-TMF8801
https://github.com/lemmingDev/ESP32-BLE-Gamepad.git|Contributed|ESP32-BLE-Gamepad
https://github.com/jalr/EE895.git|Contributed|EE895 Arduino Library
https://github.com/KROIA/L298N_MotorDriver.git|Contributed|L298N_MotorDriver
https://github.com/vintlabs/fauxmoESP.git|Contributed|FauxmoESP
https://github.com/picodebr/PlugPiBlack.git|Contributed|PlugPiBlack
https://github.com/mrcodetastic/ESP32-HUB75-MatrixPanel-DMA.git|Contributed|ESP32 HUB75 LED MATRIX PANEL DMA Display
https://github.com/mobizt/ESP-Mail-Client.git|Contributed|ESP Mail Client
https://github.com/brettmcalpine/PowerFlex4m.git|Contributed|PowerFlex4m
https://github.com/pilotak/MCP3X21.git|Contributed|MCP3X21
https://github.com/pilotak/LPS35HW.git|Contributed|LPS35HW
https://github.com/pilotak/MovingAverageFloat.git|Contributed|MovingAverageFloat
https://github.com/pilotak/MovingAverageAngle.git|Contributed|MovingAverageAngle
https://github.com/pilotak/MovingAverage.git|Contributed|MovingAverage
https://github.com/pilotak/MeteoFunctions.git|Contributed|MeteoFunctions
https://github.com/pilotak/Hysteresis.git|Contributed|Hysteresis
https://github.com/pilotak/WeatherMeters.git|Contributed|WeatherMeters
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SGP40_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SGP40 Arduino Library
https://github.com/vishnumaiea/ptScheduler.git|Contributed|ptScheduler
https://github.com/montoyamoraga/TinyTrainable.git|Contributed|TinyTrainable
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SGP40.git|Contributed|Adafruit SGP40 Sensor
https://github.com/Zanduino/RotaryEncoder.git|Contributed|RotaryEncoder_Zanduino
https://github.com/Zanduino/Cubigel.git|Contributed|Cubigel
https://github.com/ferkoyanagi/SevenSegmentsK.git|Contributed|Seven Segments K
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-fet-can.git|Contributed|mrm-fet-can
https://github.com/TECA-IOT/Tinyfox.git|Contributed|Tinyfox
https://github.com/TECA-IOT/Ufox.git|Contributed|Ufox
https://github.com/moononournation/Arduino_GFX.git|Contributed|GFX Library for Arduino
https://github.com/douglaslyon/AudioShieldDTMF.git|Contributed|AudioShieldDTMF
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WIOTerminal_WiFiManager.git|Contributed|WIOTerminal_WiFiManager
https://github.com/allenchak/TA6932.git|Contributed|TA6932
https://github.com/grandeurtech/arduino-sdk.git|Contributed|Grandeur
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Ethernet_Manager.git|Contributed|Ethernet_Manager
https://github.com/Aasim-A/AsyncTimer.git|Contributed|AsyncTimer
https://github.com/Protocentral/protocentral-pulse-express.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral Pulse Express SpO2 Heartrate and BPT sensor
https://github.com/Protocentral/protocentral-afe4490-arduino.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral AFE4490 PPG and SpO2 boards library
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Ethernet_Manager_STM32.git|Contributed|Ethernet_Manager_STM32
https://github.com/dniklaus/spin-timer.git|Contributed|spin-timer
https://github.com/Toernblom/SimpleWiFiClient.git|Contributed|SimpleWiFiClient
https://github.com/Toernblom/SimpleUDPController.git|Contributed|SimpleUDPController
https://github.com/mobergmann/Simple_HCSR04.git|Contributed|Simple_HCSR04
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SCD30.git|Contributed|Adafruit SCD30
https://github.com/ETLCPP/etl-arduino.git|Contributed|Embedded Template Library ETL
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-us1.git|Contributed|mrm-us1
https://github.com/IGB-Germany/IGB-Tactile-Switch.git|Contributed|TactileSwitch
https://github.com/acrandal/RevEng_PAJ7620.git|Contributed|RevEng PAJ7620
https://github.com/YFROBOT-TM/Yfrobot-Motor-Driver-Library.git|Contributed|Yfrobot Motor Driver Library
https://github.com/m5stack/M5StickC-Plus.git|Contributed|M5StickCPlus
https://github.com/wollewald/ADXL345_WE.git|Contributed|ADXL345_WE
https://github.com/LennartHennigs/M5FacesEncoder.git|Contributed|M5FacesEncoder
https://github.com/dawidchyrzynski/arduino-home-assistant.git|Contributed|home-assistant-integration
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/EloquentArduino.git|Contributed|EloquentArduino
https://github.com/N-Magi/CliTerminal.git|Contributed|CliTerminal
https://github.com/JoeyStrandnes/NST1001_Arduino-Driver.git|Contributed|NST1001
https://github.com/zfields/nes-rob.git|Contributed|NesRob
https://github.com/SunitRaut/Smart-Duty-Cycling-Arduino.git|Contributed|Smart_Duty_Cycling
https://github.com/aszopko/somfy-esp8266.git|Contributed|Somfy_RTS
https://github.com/fabriziop/EEWL.git|Contributed|EEWL
https://github.com/eccnil/ESPNow2Mqtt.git|Contributed|EspNow2Mqtt
https://github.com/micro-bitcoin/uBitcoin.git|Contributed|uBitcoin
https://github.com/abaskin/MAX72XX.git|Contributed|MAX7XX-7-Segment
https://github.com/MichaelUray/muTimer.git|Contributed|muTimer
https://github.com/pribaNosati/mrm-col-can.git|Contributed|mrm-col-can
https://github.com/jonas-merkle/AS5047P.git|Contributed|AS5047P
https://github.com/Protocentral/protocentral_max30003.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral MAX30003 ECG AFE Sensor Library
https://github.com/ShubhamAnnigeri/tinyECC-ArduinoIDE.git|Contributed|tinyECC
https://github.com/aaryaapg/SPC-Library.git|Contributed|SPC
https://github.com/SunitRaut/WSN-for-RFM69-LowPowerLab.git|Contributed|WSN_RFM69
https://github.com/roverwing/RoverWingLibrary.git|Contributed|RoverWing
https://github.com/BroadwellConsultingInc/SerialWombatArdLib.git|Contributed|SerialWombat
https://github.com/LennartHennigs/OTAWrapper.git|Contributed|OTAWrapper
https://github.com/khoih-prog/MultiResetDetector_Generic.git|Contributed|MultiResetDetector_Generic
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP_MultiResetDetector.git|Contributed|ESP_MultiResetDetector
https://github.com/0015/TP_Arduino_DigitalRain_Anim.git|Contributed|Digital Rain Animation
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_mbedtls.git|Contributed|Seeed_Arduino_mbedtls
https://github.com/designer2k2/EMUcan.git|Contributed|EMUcan
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_rpcUnified.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino rpcUnified
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_FS.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino FS
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_SFUD.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino SFUD
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_IR.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino IR
https://github.com/jhershey69/MoonStruck.git|Contributed|MoonStruck
https://github.com/imax9000/Arduino-PID-Library.git|Contributed|PID_v2
https://github.com/VernierST/GDXLib.git|Contributed|GDXLib
https://github.com/GerLech/Talking_Display.git|Contributed|Talking_Display
https://github.com/telleropnul/BigFont01.git|Contributed|BigFont01
https://github.com/telleropnul/BigFont01_I2C.git|Contributed|BigFont01_I2C
https://github.com/totemmaker/TotemArduino.git|Contributed|Totem Library
https://github.com/mchwalfajar/jeager-one.git|Contributed|jeager-one
https://github.com/RobTillaart/CRC.git|Contributed|CRC
https://github.com/Jacobllc/SDU_AGS.git|Contributed|SDU AGS SensorBoard
https://github.com/Zanduino/SmoothLED.git|Contributed|Zanduino SmoothLED Library 10-bit
https://github.com/meteolab/MeteoLabBeacon.git|Contributed|MeteoLabBeacon
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AW9523.git|Contributed|Adafruit AW9523
https://github.com/telleropnul/BigFont02.git|Contributed|BigFont02
https://github.com/telleropnul/BigFont02_I2C.git|Contributed|BigFont02_I2C
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_HTU31D.git|Contributed|Adafruit HTU31D Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SHT4X.git|Contributed|Adafruit SHT4x Library
https://github.com/fbiego/ESP32Time.git|Contributed|ESP32Time
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Multiplex.git|Contributed|Multiplex
https://github.com/xreef/PCF8574_library.git|Contributed|PCF8574 library
https://github.com/xreef/LoRa_E32_Series_Library.git|Contributed|EByte LoRa E32 library
https://github.com/sp6q/maidenhead.git|Contributed|Maidenhead
https://github.com/Dlloydev/QuickPID.git|Contributed|QuickPID
https://github.com/pa-pa/AskSinPP.git|Contributed|AskSinPP
https://github.com/felias-fogg/DotMatrix5x7.git|Contributed|DotMatrix5x7
https://github.com/mobizt/Firebase-ESP-Client.git|Contributed|Firebase Arduino Client Library for ESP8266 and ESP32
https://github.com/NickvanTholen/pca9634-lib.git|Contributed|PCA9634 Arduino Library
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-us-b.git|Contributed|mrm-us-b
https://github.com/SunitRaut/Lightweight-CD74HC4067-Arduino.git|Contributed|light_CD74HC4067
https://github.com/mcci-catena/MCCI_Catena_SCD30.git|Contributed|MCCI Catena SCD30
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_u-blox_GNSS_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun u-blox GNSS Arduino Library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/infiniteAverage.git|Contributed|infiniteAverage
https://github.com/BitsAndDroids/BitsAndDroidsFlightSimLibrary.git|Contributed|Bits and Droids flight sim library
https://github.com/jason-rietzke/SensorPlot_WebInterface.git|Contributed|SensorPlot WebInterface
https://github.com/sensirion/arduino-core.git|Contributed|Sensirion Core
https://github.com/felias-fogg/Vcc.git|Contributed|Vcc
https://github.com/mudmin/ESPCanary.git|Contributed|ESPCanary
https://github.com/khoih-prog/FlashStorage_STM32.git|Contributed|FlashStorage_STM32
https://github.com/rv701/SPL06-007.git|Contributed|SPL06-007
https://github.com/fmgrafikdesign/simplewebserial-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Simple Web Serial
https://github.com/adafruit/arduino-CAN.git|Contributed|CAN Adafruit Fork
https://github.com/NickvanTholen/Youless-Arduino-lib.git|Contributed|Youless Arduino Library
https://github.com/lyvewave/arduino-serial-data-exporter.git|Contributed|Serial Data Exporter
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-XboxControllerNotificationParser.git|Contributed|XboxControllerNotificationParser
https://github.com/michaelgranz/UniversalTimer.git|Contributed|UniversalTimer
https://github.com/tinyMLx/arduino-library.git|Contributed|Harvard_TinyMLx
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-ble-gadget.git|Contributed|Sensirion Gadget BLE Arduino Lib
https://github.com/alikabeel/Letters-and-Numbers-Seven-Segment-Display-Library.git|Contributed|Letters and Numbers Seven Segment Display Library
https://github.com/StarsoftAnalysis/ESP8266RTTTLPlus.git|Contributed|ESP8266RTTTLPlus
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESPAsync_WiFiManager_Lite.git|Contributed|ESPAsync_WiFiManager_Lite
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP_WiFiManager_Lite.git|Contributed|ESP_WiFiManager_Lite
https://github.com/thewknd/VEML6040.git|Contributed|VEML6040
https://github.com/gabriel-milan/Arduino-MAX30100.git|Contributed|MAX30100_milan
https://github.com/pu2clr/MCP23008.git|Contributed|PU2CLR MCP23008
https://github.com/EasyG0ing1/BlockNot.git|Contributed|BlockNot
https://github.com/paulpavish/GuiNE_Bot_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|GuiN-E Bot
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-scd4x.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SCD4x
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sfa3x.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SFA3x
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-uart-sfa3x.git|Contributed|Sensirion UART SFA3x
https://github.com/yellobyte/SoapESP32.git|Contributed|SoapESP32
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFiManager_Generic_Lite.git|Contributed|WiFiManager_Generic_Lite
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_u-blox_SARA-R5_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun u-blox SARA-R5 Arduino Library
https://github.com/Patrick-Thomas/Sparkpad-Arduino.git|Contributed|Sparkpad
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-HX711.git|Contributed|HX711_asukiaaa
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP_DAC.git|Contributed|MCP_DAC
https://github.com/baggio63446333/QZQSM.git|Contributed|QZQSM
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SDP3x_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SDP3x Arduino Library
https://github.com/ultimaterobotics/uECG_library.git|Contributed|uECG
https://github.com/petruspierre/EasyHTTP.git|Contributed|EasyHTTP
https://github.com/ElectronicCats/ElectronicCats_InternalTemperatureZero.git|Contributed|TemperatureZero
https://github.com/ayushsharma82/ESPConnect.git|Contributed|ESPConnect
https://github.com/Zanduino/SmoothLED_8bit.git|Contributed|Zanduino SmoothLED Library 8-bit
https://github.com/jancoow/BH1730-Library.git|Contributed|BH1730
https://github.com/mrmx/AW9523B.git|Contributed|MrMx - AW9523B
https://github.com/mrmx/Arduino-SI4012.git|Contributed|MrMx - Arduino SI4012
https://github.com/Jan-NiklasB/MH-Z14A-Library.git|Contributed|MH-Z14A Library
https://github.com/SirSundays/LDC1312-Arduino.git|Contributed|LDC1312-1314 I2C Library
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-rgb-led-lighting-shield.git|Contributed|RGB-LED-Lighting-Shield
https://github.com/LeemanGeophysicalLLC/LGLearningShieldLibrary.git|Contributed|Leeman Geophysical Learning Shield
https://github.com/LowPowerLab/LowPower.git|Contributed|LowPower_LowPowerLab
https://github.com/lifely-cc/agruminoLemon-libraries.git|Contributed|Lifely Agrumino Lemon
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL6180.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL6180
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-6180A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-6180A1
https://github.com/muwerk/mufonts.git|Contributed|mufonts
https://github.com/argandas/serialEEPROM.git|Contributed|serialEEPROM
https://github.com/argandas/SerialCommand.git|Contributed|SerialCommand
https://github.com/muwerk/mupplet-core.git|Contributed|mupplet-core
https://github.com/Invzblio/SerialToWifi.git|Contributed|SerialToWifi
https://github.com/TheVaporTrail/TheVaporTrail_SubPixel.git|Contributed|TheVaporTrail SubPixel
https://github.com/chegewara/EspTinyUSB.git|Contributed|ESP32TinyUSB
https://github.com/Velleman/VMA430_GPS_Module.git|Contributed|WPI430-VMA430 GPS
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-col-b.git|Contributed|mrm-col-b
https://github.com/mhoseini967/AdvancedSevenSegment.git|Contributed|Advance Seven Segment
https://github.com/antcolag/runner.git|Contributed|runner
https://github.com/turn-a-round/Arduino-Charlieplexing.git|Contributed|MatrixCharlieplex
https://github.com/joshnishikawa/MIDIcontroller.git|Contributed|MIDIcontroller
https://github.com/MaximIntegrated/MAX31328-Arduino-Driver.git|Contributed|Max31328RTC
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Currency.git|Contributed|currency
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_rpcWiFi.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino rpcWiFi
https://github.com/igorantolic/ai-esp32-rotary-encoder.git|Contributed|Ai Esp32 Rotary Encoder
https://github.com/srwi/ESPEssentials.git|Contributed|ESPEssentials
https://github.com/heisenware/arduino-vrpc.git|Contributed|VRPC
https://github.com/gpb01/NVSRAM.git|Contributed|NVSRAM
https://github.com/viamgr/Arduino-Awesome-Click-Button.git|Contributed|AwesomeClickButton
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/I2C_SLG.git|Contributed|I2C SLG
https://github.com/ArduinoGetStarted/buzzer.git|Contributed|ezBuzzer
https://github.com/mggates39/MyDelay.git|Contributed|MyDelay
https://github.com/polohpi/AT24C256.git|Contributed|AT24C256
https://github.com/aggregate/LCLV.git|Contributed|LCLV
https://github.com/TheFidax/Rcn600.git|Contributed|Rcn600
https://github.com/dlyckelid/KX023-1025-IMU.git|Contributed|KX0231025IMU
https://github.com/IowaScaledEngineering/arduino-mcp3427.git|Contributed|ISE I2C-MCP3427 Library
https://github.com/pu2clr/PCF8574.git|Contributed|PU2CLR PCF8574
https://github.com/Protocentral/protocentral-ads1293-arduino.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral ADS1293 ECG Library
https://github.com/muwerk/mupplet-display.git|Contributed|mupplet-display
https://github.com/shortbloke/Arduino_SNMP_Manager.git|Contributed|SNMP Manager
https://github.com/argandas/ardubson.git|Contributed|ardubson
https://github.com/arnakazim/TwiLiquidCrystal-library.git|Contributed|TwiLiquidCrystal by Arnakazim
https://github.com/rudydelorenzo/ELMo.git|Contributed|ELMo
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_rpcBLE.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino rpcBLE
https://github.com/sensboston/esp32_moga.git|Contributed|esp32_moga
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_RTC.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino RTC
https://github.com/mmmarinho/umirobot-arduino.git|Contributed|UMIRobot
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-uart-sen44.git|Contributed|Sensirion UART SEN44
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sen44.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SEN44
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-stc3x.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C STC3x
https://github.com/vivitainc/VivicoreSerial.git|Contributed|VivicoreSerial
https://github.com/WhaddaMakers/bar_graph_module.git|Contributed|Whadda LED bar graph
https://github.com/khoih-prog/GSM_Generic.git|Contributed|GSM_Generic
https://github.com/morcibacsi/esp32_rmt_midea_ir_tx.git|Contributed|Midea AC infrared remote controller with ESP32 RMT Peripheral
https://github.com/caiofrota/cf-arduino-lib-pushbutton.git|Contributed|CFPushButton
https://github.com/kk4das/IC746CAT.git|Contributed|ICOM 746 CAT Control
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SHT85.git|Contributed|SHT85
https://github.com/Wh1teRabbitHU/DAC121C08x-Driver.git|Contributed|DAC121C08x
https://github.com/BadASszZ/IoTWebConf_for_Visuino_modified_by_IoT_Jedi.git|Contributed|IoTWebConf_for_Visuino_modified_by_IoT_Jedi
https://github.com/Wh1teRabbitHU/Arduino-I2C.git|Contributed|I2C
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_QwiicNES_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun QwiicNES Arduino Library
https://github.com/iotec-gmbh/iotec_MAX7319.git|Contributed|iotec_MAX7319
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TCA9548.git|Contributed|TCA9548
https://github.com/khoih-prog/NB_Generic.git|Contributed|NB_Generic
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_PWM.git|Contributed|MD_PWM
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ACS37800_Power_Monitor_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ACS37800 Power Monitor Arduino Library
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PWFusion_MAX31865.git|Contributed|PWFusion_Max31865
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PWFusion_VL53L3C.git|Contributed|PWFusion_VL53L3C
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PWFusion_TCA9548A.git|Contributed|PWFusion_TCA9548A
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PWFusion_Mcp960x.git|Contributed|PWFusion_Mcp960x
https://github.com/wollewald/MPU9250_WE.git|Contributed|MPU9250_WE
https://github.com/edumardo/DifferentialSteering.git|Contributed|Differential Steering
https://github.com/SUPLA/supla-device.git|Contributed|SuplaDevice
https://github.com/SukkoPera/N64PadForArduino.git|Contributed|N64Pad
https://github.com/TechnoPhysCAL/TGP_LCD_Keypad.git|Contributed|TGP LCD Keypad
https://github.com/TechnoPhysCAL/TGP_Suiveur.git|Contributed|TGP Suiveur
https://github.com/iitaka1142/NullSerial.git|Contributed|NullSerial
https://github.com/Robertndrei/SCD30-Modbus.git|Contributed|scd30_modbus
https://github.com/androbi-com/MqttLogger.git|Contributed|MqttLogger
https://github.com/EngineeringRoom/Engineer_Regulator.git|Contributed|Engineer Regulator
https://github.com/leresteux/BOF.git|Contributed|BOF-Bling_On_ofF
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_PIR_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic PIR Library
https://github.com/TheFidax/digitalPinFast.git|Contributed|digitalPinFast
https://github.com/tgolla/GCodeParser.git|Contributed|GCodeParser
https://github.com/AntonioPrevitali/DueAdcFast.git|Contributed|DueAdcFast
https://github.com/tgolla/EEPROMTyped.git|Contributed|EEPROMTyped
https://github.com/caiofrota/cf-arduino-lib-rotary-encoder.git|Contributed|CF Rotary Encoder
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_MIDIFile.git|Contributed|MD_MIDIFile
https://github.com/leftCoast/LC_neoPixel.git|Contributed|LC_neoPixel
https://github.com/hsaturn/TinyMqtt.git|Contributed|TinyMqtt
https://github.com/SmartElecRu/ArduinoIDE_SE_EEPROM.git|Contributed|SE_EEPROM
https://github.com/SmartElecRu/AlphaSE_BasicUnit.git|Contributed|SE_BasicUnit
https://github.com/onelife/RTT-CMSIS-OS.git|Contributed|RTT-CMSIS-OS
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AS7341X_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic AS7341L 10-Channel Spectral Sensor
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_TMF8801_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic TMF-8801 Time-of-flight Library
https://github.com/Dlloydev/ESP32-ESP32S2-AnalogWrite.git|Contributed|ESP32 ESP32S2 AnalogWrite
https://github.com/yannidd/ukesf-sixth-formers.git|Contributed|UKESF Sixth-Formers
https://github.com/kkloesener/MFRC522_I2C.git|Contributed|MFRC522_I2C
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK14002-CAP1293-Library.git|Contributed|RAKwireless CAP1293 Touch Pad library
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK14001-NCP5623-Library.git|Contributed|RAKwireless NCP5623 RGB LED library
https://github.com/blues/notecard-pseudo-sensor.git|Contributed|Blues Wireless Notecard Pseudo Sensor
https://github.com/khoih-prog/SmallProjects.git|Contributed|SmallProjects
https://github.com/seralo/ZzzMovingAvg.git|Contributed|ZzzMovingAvg
https://github.com/lnlp/EasyLed.git|Contributed|EasyLed
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-MotorCVD.git|Contributed|MotorCVD_asukiaaa
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_VK16K33_Lib.git|Contributed|Freenove VK16K33 Lib
https://github.com/ncmreynolds/retroTerm.git|Contributed|retroTerm
https://github.com/tttttx2/ddcvcp.git|Contributed|DDC-CI VPC library
https://github.com/lionrocker/better-joystick.git|Contributed|Better Joystick
https://github.com/kmpelectronics/KMP_MCP23S08.git|Contributed|KMP_MCP23S08
https://github.com/coderfls/Arduino_MultiFunctionShield.git|Contributed|MultiFunctionShield
https://github.com/khoih-prog/megaAVR_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|megaAVR_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/Roger-random/ESP_8_BIT_composite.git|Contributed|ESP_8_BIT Color Composite Video Library
https://github.com/ponoor/Ponoor_L6470_Library.git|Contributed|Ponoor L6470 Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SPI_SerialFlash_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SPI SerialFlash Arduino Library
https://github.com/mbratch/TaskJockey.git|Contributed|TaskJockey
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_USB251x_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun USB Hub Qwiic USB251x
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acan-esp32.git|Contributed|ACAN_ESP32
https://github.com/geekbleofficial/Geekble_Oscillator.git|Contributed|Geekble_Oscillator
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_SmartCar.git|Contributed|MD_SmartCar
https://github.com/FTTechBrasil/FTTech_SAMD51_Clicks.git|Contributed|FTTech SAMD51 Clicks
https://github.com/jordancrubin/sprinkler-system.git|Contributed|sprinkler-system
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TM1637_RT.git|Contributed|TM1637_RT
https://github.com/FuzzyNoodle/Fuzzy-Spooder.git|Contributed|Fuzzy Spooder
https://github.com/stm32duino/STM32duinoBLE.git|Contributed|STM32duinoBLE
https://github.com/Falven/ad-oprintstream.git|Contributed|oprintstream
https://github.com/lfhohmann/MMA8653.git|Contributed|MMA8653
https://github.com/shashank3199/Cytron_PS2_Shield.git|Contributed|Cytron_PS2_Shield
https://github.com/shashank3199/LSA08.git|Contributed|LSA08
https://github.com/shashank3199/RazorIMU_9DOF.git|Contributed|RazorIMU_9DOF
https://github.com/shashank3199/RhinoServo.git|Contributed|RhinoServo
https://github.com/lyriarte/StripDisplay.git|Contributed|StripDisplay
https://github.com/onelife/RTT-Ethernet.git|Contributed|RTT-Ethernet
https://github.com/hideakitai/MQTTPubSubClient.git|Contributed|MQTTPubSubClient
https://github.com/MartinXBcn/ESP32Logger.git|Contributed|ESP32Logger
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Haptic_Driver_DA7280_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Haptic Driver DA7280 Library
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/ER_OLEDM1_CH1115.git|Contributed|ER_OLEDM1_CH1115
https://github.com/siktec-lab/SIKTEC-SdExplore.git|Contributed|SIKTEC_SdExplore
https://github.com/joshua-8/Derivs_Limiter.git|Contributed|Derivs_Limiter
https://github.com/kchemorion/MBEDSpeech.git|Contributed|MBEDSpeech
https://github.com/KravitzLabDevices/FORCE_library.git|Contributed|Force
https://github.com/siktec-lab/SIK-Rotary-Encoder.git|Contributed|SIKTEC_Rotary
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ShiftOutSlow.git|Contributed|ShiftOutSlow
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ShiftInSlow.git|Contributed|ShiftInSlow
https://github.com/tobozo/ESP32-PsRamFS.git|Contributed|ESP32-PSRamFS
https://github.com/RobTillaart/rotaryDecoder.git|Contributed|rotaryDecoder
https://github.com/YuuichiAkagawa/Arduino-UHS2MIDI.git|Contributed|UHS2-MIDI
https://github.com/joshua-8/ESP32_easy_wifi_data.git|Contributed|ESP32_easy_wifi_data
https://github.com/seralo/ZzzButton.git|Contributed|ZzzButton
https://github.com/khoih-prog/FlashStorage_SAMD.git|Contributed|FlashStorage_SAMD
https://github.com/akvavit01/MissionList.git|Contributed|MissionList
https://github.com/marcinbor85/microshell.git|Contributed|MicroShell
https://github.com/victorsvi/MatrixKeypad.git|Contributed|MatrixKeypad
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_CAP1203_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun CAP1203 Arduino Library
https://github.com/maximebohrer/SimpleKeypad.git|Contributed|SimpleKeypad
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Flying_Jalapeno_2_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Flying Jalapeno 2 Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_KX13X_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun KX13X Arduino Library
https://github.com/fabriziop/TalkingButton.git|Contributed|TalkingButton
https://github.com/tuya/tuya-wifi-mcu-sdk-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Tuya_WiFi_MCU_SDK
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_S2_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|ESP32_S2_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/gq97a6/arduino_buttons.git|Contributed|IoT_Modules-Buttons
https://github.com/m5stack/M5GFX.git|Contributed|M5GFX
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PID_RT.git|Contributed|PID_RT
https://github.com/RobTillaart/I2C_24LC1025.git|Contributed|I2C_24LC1025
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AnalogKeypad.git|Contributed|AnalogKeypad
https://github.com/lbernstone/UncleRus-drivers.git|Contributed|UncleRus
https://github.com/RobTillaart/INA226.git|Contributed|INA226
https://github.com/sfekilou/M5STACK_4RELAY.git|Contributed|M5 Stack 4Relay Library
https://github.com/joshua-8/JMotor.git|Contributed|JMotor
https://github.com/jostlowe/Pico-DMX.git|Contributed|Pico-DMX
https://github.com/GyverLibs/SevenSegmentsDisp.git|Contributed|SevenSegmentsDisp
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverTM1637.git|Contributed|GyverTM1637
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverOLED.git|Contributed|GyverOLED
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverMAX7219.git|Contributed|GyverMAX7219
https://github.com/GyverLibs/microDS18B20.git|Contributed|microDS18B20
https://github.com/GyverLibs/microDS3231.git|Contributed|microDS3231
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Psychrometer.git|Contributed|Psychrometer
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Tachometer.git|Contributed|Tachometer
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverNTC.git|Contributed|GyverNTC
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverHX711.git|Contributed|GyverHX711
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverBME280.git|Contributed|GyverBME280
https://github.com/GyverLibs/EncButton.git|Contributed|EncButton
https://github.com/GyverLibs/NecDecoder.git|Contributed|NecDecoder
https://github.com/GyverLibs/AnalogKey.git|Contributed|AnalogKey
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverButton.git|Contributed|GyverButton
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverEncoder.git|Contributed|GyverEncoder
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GRGB.git|Contributed|GRGB
https://github.com/GyverLibs/microLED.git|Contributed|microLED
https://github.com/GyverLibs/ServoSmooth.git|Contributed|ServoSmooth
https://github.com/GyverLibs/SoftServo.git|Contributed|SoftServo
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverRelay.git|Contributed|GyverRelay
https://github.com/GyverLibs/PWMrelay.git|Contributed|PWMrelay
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverStepper.git|Contributed|GyverStepper
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverMotor.git|Contributed|GyverMotor
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverDimmer.git|Contributed|GyverDimmer
https://github.com/GyverLibs/AccelMotor.git|Contributed|AccelMotor
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverWDT.git|Contributed|GyverWDT
https://github.com/GyverLibs/microWire.git|Contributed|microWire
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverTimers.git|Contributed|GyverTimers
https://github.com/GyverLibs/directTimers.git|Contributed|directTimers
https://github.com/GyverLibs/directADC.git|Contributed|directADC
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverFilters.git|Contributed|GyverFilters
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverPID.git|Contributed|GyverPID
https://github.com/GyverLibs/mString.git|Contributed|mString
https://github.com/GyverLibs/VolAnalyzer.git|Contributed|VolAnalyzer
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Random16.git|Contributed|Random16
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Hamming.git|Contributed|Hamming
https://github.com/GyverLibs/TimeRandom.git|Contributed|TimeRandom
https://github.com/GyverLibs/UnixTime.git|Contributed|UnixTime
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverGFX.git|Contributed|GyverGFX
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverFIFO.git|Contributed|GyverFIFO
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Forecaster.git|Contributed|Forecaster
https://github.com/GyverLibs/fixed.git|Contributed|fixed
https://github.com/GyverLibs/FFT_C.git|Contributed|FFT_C
https://github.com/GyverLibs/BitPack.git|Contributed|BitPack
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Clap.git|Contributed|Clap
https://github.com/GyverLibs/CRT.git|Contributed|CRT
https://github.com/GyverLibs/FastBot.git|Contributed|FastBot
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Gyver433.git|Contributed|Gyver433
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverBus.git|Contributed|GyverBus
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GParser.git|Contributed|GParser
https://github.com/GyverLibs/AsyncStream.git|Contributed|AsyncStream
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverPWM.git|Contributed|GyverPWM
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverTimer.git|Contributed|GyverTimer
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverUART.git|Contributed|GyverUART
https://github.com/GyverLibs/TimerMs.git|Contributed|TimerMs
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverPower.git|Contributed|GyverPower
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverOS.git|Contributed|GyverOS
https://github.com/GyverLibs/buildTime.git|Contributed|buildTime
https://github.com/abishur/ms5x.git|Contributed|MS5x
https://github.com/wolfSSL/Arduino-wolfSSL.git|Contributed|wolfssl
https://github.com/asukiaaa/CanBusData-arduino.git|Contributed|CanBusData_asukiaaa
https://github.com/asukiaaa/CanBusMCP2515-arduino.git|Contributed|CanBusMCP2515_asukiaaa
https://github.com/DLE-Dev/OttoArduinoLib.git|Contributed|OttoArduinoLib
https://github.com/EmbedUI/EmbedUI-Library.git|Contributed|EmbedUI
https://github.com/sdutek/sducar.git|Contributed|SDU_CAR
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SRF05.git|Contributed|SRF05
https://github.com/hpssjellis/portenta-pro-community-solutions.git|Contributed|portenta-pro-community-solutions
https://github.com/RobTillaart/rotaryDecoderSwitch.git|Contributed|rotaryDecoderSwitch
https://github.com/dantudose/AT24C256.git|Contributed|AT24C256 library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/LTC2991.git|Contributed|LTC2991
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD5144A.git|Contributed|AD5144A
https://github.com/wollewald/ICM20948_WE.git|Contributed|ICM20948_WE
https://github.com/khoih-prog/RPI_PICO_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|RPI_PICO_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/dpnebert/TLC5916_Lite.git|Contributed|TLC5916_Lite
https://github.com/kulbhushanchand/MCP4251.git|Contributed|MCP4251
https://github.com/ARTS37/SerialMenuCmd.git|Contributed|SerialMenuCmd
https://github.com/ArduinoShop/Seg7.git|Contributed|Seg7
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TSL235R.git|Contributed|TSL235R
https://github.com/RobTillaart/relativity.git|Contributed|relativity
https://github.com/atc1441/NETSGPClient.git|Contributed|NETSGPClient
https://github.com/noah1510/generic-Arduino.git|Contributed|generic-Arduino
https://github.com/bitbank2/PNGdec.git|Contributed|PNGdec
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_6DoF_LSM6DSO_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic 6Dof - LSM6DS0
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MAX14661.git|Contributed|MAX14661
https://github.com/RCmags/vector_datatype.git|Contributed|Vector datatype
https://github.com/RCmags/ADNS3080.git|Contributed|ADNS3080
https://github.com/RCmags/basicMPU6050.git|Contributed|basicMPU6050
https://github.com/RCmags/imuFilter.git|Contributed|imuFilter
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/rp2040-charlieplexing.git|Contributed|RP2040_PIO_Charlieplexing
https://github.com/Mysues/ERO.git|Contributed|ERO
https://github.com/dimag0g/PPM-reader.git|Contributed|PPM-reader
https://github.com/FPGAArcade/replay_mkrvidor4000.git|Contributed|FPGAArcade Replay MKR Vidor 4000
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-en.git|Contributed|Picovoice_EN
https://github.com/khoih-prog/MBED_RPI_PICO_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|MBED_RPI_PICO_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/tigoe/sACNSource.git|Contributed|sACNSource
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-radar-bgt60.git|Contributed|radar-bgt60
https://github.com/PodgroupConnectivity/PodEnoSim.git|Contributed|PodEnoSim
https://github.com/lenvm/SercomSPISlave.git|Contributed|SercomSPISlave
https://github.com/bitbank2/unzipLIB.git|Contributed|unzipLIB
https://github.com/maxmacstn/ESP32-Canon-BLE-Remote.git|Contributed|Canon BLE remote
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Grove-Ranging-sensor-VL53L0X.git|Contributed|Grove Ranging sensor - VL53L0X
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TCA9555.git|Contributed|TCA9555
https://github.com/khoih-prog/LittleFS_Mbed_RP2040.git|Contributed|LittleFS_Mbed_RP2040
https://github.com/grafana/arduino-snappy-proto.git|Contributed|SnappyProto
https://github.com/grafana/arduino-prom-loki-transport.git|Contributed|PromLokiTransport
https://github.com/grafana/loki-arduino.git|Contributed|GrafanaLoki
https://github.com/grafana/prometheus-arduino.git|Contributed|PrometheusArduino
https://github.com/oguzkaganyaglioglu/PLCustomDevicesLibrary.git|Contributed|PLCustomDevices
https://github.com/fbiego/MpesaSTK.git|Contributed|MpesaSTK
https://github.com/franalvarez21/Arduboy-BistercianNumbers.git|Contributed|Arduboy-BistercianNumbers
https://github.com/khoih-prog/RP2040_RTC.git|Contributed|RP2040_RTC
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_Audio.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino Audio
https://github.com/rneurink/VL53L1X_ULD.git|Contributed|VL53L1X_ULD
https://github.com/kmpelectronics/KMP_RS485.git|Contributed|KMP_RS485
https://github.com/GLEE2023/GLEE2023.git|Contributed|GLEE2023
https://github.com/ianhattwick/controlVoltage.git|Contributed|controlVoltage
https://github.com/jihoonkimtech/ClockForSeg_Lib.git|Contributed|ClockForSeg_Lib
https://github.com/sebmillet/RF433any.git|Contributed|RF433any
https://github.com/sebmillet/DelayExec.git|Contributed|DelayExec
https://github.com/otadrive/OTAdriveESP.git|Contributed|OTAdrive_ESP
https://github.com/khoih-prog/RP2040_SD.git|Contributed|RP2040_SD
https://github.com/neosarchizo/am1008w_k_i2c.git|Contributed|AM1008W-K I2C
https://github.com/musicplayer0/solar2lunar.git|Contributed|solar2lunar
https://github.com/AloriumTechnology/evo_servo.git|Contributed|evo_servo
https://github.com/madhephaestus/TinyUSBSimplePacketComs.git|Contributed|TinyUSBSimplePacketComs
https://github.com/cotestatnt/esp-fs-webserver.git|Contributed|esp-fs-webserver
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AS108M_Fingerprint_Scanner_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Serial Fingerprint Scanners AS-108M and AD-013
https://github.com/jgOhYeah/LCDGraph.git|Contributed|LCDGraph
https://github.com/jgOhYeah/TunePlayer.git|Contributed|TunePlayer
https://github.com/KevinMiller77/TwoWayESP.git|Contributed|Two Way ESP
https://github.com/CelliesProjects/ESP32_VS1053_Stream.git|Contributed|ESP32_VS1053_Stream
https://github.com/FANTM/libdevlpr.git|Contributed|Libdevlpr
https://github.com/newdigate/teensy-variable-playback.git|Contributed|TeensyVariablePlayback
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SGP30.git|Contributed|SGP30
https://github.com/Incuvers/macro-logger.git|Contributed|MacroLogger
https://github.com/nailujx86/ESP8266_multipart.git|Contributed|ESP8266_multipart
https://github.com/skabrits/StringAction.git|Contributed|StringAction
https://github.com/skabrits/SpeedMeasurer.git|Contributed|SpeedMeasurer
https://github.com/sebmillet/rf433send.git|Contributed|RF433send
https://github.com/cvmanjoo/AT24Cxx.git|Contributed|AT24Cxx
https://github.com/ekkai/WizFi360.git|Contributed|WizFi360
https://github.com/mathertel/RFCodes.git|Contributed|RFCodes
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SCD4x_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SCD4x Arduino Library
https://github.com/Ebola-Chan-bot/Timers_one_for_all.git|Contributed|Timers_one_for_all
https://github.com/dmadison/CtrlUtil.git|Contributed|Controller Utilities
https://github.com/wokwi/TinyDebug.git|Contributed|TinyDebug
https://github.com/chochain/nanoFORTH.git|Contributed|nanoFORTH
https://github.com/kevinstadler/TCS34725AutoGain.git|Contributed|TCS34725AutoGain
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_PortentaBreakout.git|Arduino|Arduino_PortentaBreakout
https://github.com/Ant2000/CustomJWT.git|Contributed|CustomJWT
https://github.com/maquinitas/MaquinitasParams.git|Contributed|MaquinitasParams
https://github.com/DavidArmstrong/SiderealPlanets.git|Contributed|SiderealPlanets
https://github.com/rneurink/LP50XX.git|Contributed|LP50XX
https://github.com/Treboada/Ds1302.git|Contributed|Ds1302
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK-MQx-Library.git|Contributed|RAKwireless MQx library
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK13005-TLE7259-Library.git|Contributed|RAKwireless TLE7259 LIN Bus library
https://github.com/Fraunhofer-IMS/AIfES_for_Arduino.git|Contributed|AIfES for Arduino
https://github.com/RobotGrrl/PolylineArduino.git|Contributed|Polyline
https://github.com/Matrix-Robotics/MatrixUltrasonicSensor.git|Contributed|Matrix Ultrasonic Sensor
https://github.com/Matrix-Robotics/MatrixColorSensor.git|Contributed|Matrix Color Sensor
https://github.com/Matrix-Robotics/MatrixMotorExtension.git|Contributed|Matrix Motor Extension
https://github.com/Matrix-Robotics/MatrixController.git|Contributed|Matrix Controller
https://github.com/Matrix-Robotics/MatrixServoExtension.git|Contributed|Matrix Servo Extension
https://github.com/Matrix-Robotics/MatrixMotionSensor.git|Contributed|Matrix Motion Sensor
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WebServer_WT32_ETH01.git|Contributed|WebServer_WT32_ETH01
https://github.com/tig/FlashStringTable.git|Contributed|FlashStringTable
https://github.com/solderparty/arduino_tsc2004.git|Contributed|TSC2004
https://github.com/radariq/arduino-library.git|Contributed|RadarIQ
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-pas-co2-sensor.git|Contributed|XENSIV PAS CO2
https://gitlab.com/riva-lab/fastIO.git|Contributed|fastIO
https://gitlab.com/riva-lab/SevenSegmentPanel.git|Contributed|SevenSegmentPanel
https://github.com/montoyamoraga/SiguesAhi.git|Contributed|SiguesAhi
https://github.com/miathedev/KomootBLEConnect.git|Contributed|KomootBLEConnect
https://github.com/maquinitas/MaquinitasRitmos.git|Contributed|MaquinitasRitmos
https://github.com/konikoni428/BM64_arduino.git|Contributed|BM64 Library
https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/U8glib-HAL.git|Contributed|U8glib-HAL
https://github.com/Abdurraziq/ZMPT101B-arduino.git|Contributed|ZMPT101B
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_WT32_ETH01.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_WT32_ETH01
https://github.com/Zerfoinder/EasyPin.git|Contributed|EasyPin
https://github.com/bitbank2/PNGenc.git|Contributed|PNGenc
https://github.com/tfeldmann/Arduino-SchmittTrigger.git|Contributed|SchmittTrigger
https://github.com/italo-coelho/pushButton.git|Contributed|pushButton
https://github.com/Flinduino/Flinduino_SensorKit.git|Contributed|Flinduino_Sensorkit
https://github.com/witnessmenow/youtube-livestream-arduino.git|Contributed|YouTubeLiveStreamArduino
https://github.com/cotestatnt/AsyncTelegram2.git|Contributed|AsyncTelegram2
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFiWebServer_RTL8720.git|Contributed|WiFiWebServer_RTL8720
https://github.com/geeny/geenymodem.git|Contributed|GEENYmodem
https://github.com/newdigate/teensy-sample-flashloader.git|Contributed|TeensyAudioFlashLoader
https://github.com/newdigate/teensy-polyphony.git|Contributed|TeensyAudioSampler
https://github.com/mandulaj/PZEM-004T-v30.git|Contributed|PZEM004Tv30
https://github.com/Ebola-Chan-bot/Quick_digital_IO_interrupt.git|Contributed|Quick_digital_IO_interrupt
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_WT32_ETH01.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_WT32_ETH01
https://github.com/akkoyun/Statistical.git|Contributed|Statistical
https://github.com/aikopras/RSbus.git|Contributed|RSbus
https://github.com/lbussy/mDNSResolver.git|Contributed|mDNSResolver
https://github.com/ciniml/WireGuard-ESP32-Arduino.git|Contributed|WireGuard-ESP32
https://github.com/SergeSkor/SSVRGBGradientCalc.git|Contributed|SSVRGBGradientCalc
https://github.com/u-fire/Mod-EC.git|Contributed|Microfire_Mod-EC
https://github.com/u-fire/Mod-pH.git|Contributed|Microfire_Mod-pH
https://github.com/u-fire/Mod-ORP.git|Contributed|Microfire_Mod-ORP
https://github.com/filoconnesso/Tweakly.git|Contributed|Tweakly
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-multi-half-bridge.git|Contributed|multi-half-bridge
https://github.com/lequan81/vn_lunar.git|Contributed|vn_lunar
https://github.com/SergeSkor/SSVTimer.git|Contributed|SSVTimer
https://github.com/bigsmalloverall/SimpleTaskManager.git|Contributed|SimpleTaskManager
https://github.com/careyi3/MovingAverage.git|Contributed|MovingAverager
https://github.com/SergeSkor/SSVXYMatrix.git|Contributed|SSVXYMatrix
https://github.com/dattasaurabh82/TinyMegaI2C.git|Contributed|TinyMegaI2C
https://github.com/dattasaurabh82/RV8803Tiny.git|Contributed|RV8803Tiny
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IHM01A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IHM01A1
https://github.com/m5stack/ATOM_DTU_NB.git|Contributed|ATOM_DTU_NB
https://github.com/m5stack/ATOM_DTU_LoRaWAN.git|Contributed|ATOM_DTU_LoRaWAN
https://github.com/Guswib/Potentiostat_Shield.git|Contributed|Potentiostat_Shield
https://github.com/DmytroKorniienko/EmbUI.git|Contributed|EmbUI
https://github.com/SergeSkor/SSVXYMatrixText.git|Contributed|SSVXYMatrixText
https://github.com/danilopinotti/Battery18650Stats.git|Contributed|Battery_18650_Stats
https://github.com/MrYsLab/NeoPixelConnect.git|Contributed|NeoPixelConnect
https://github.com/pololu/pololu-oled-arduino.git|Contributed|PololuOLED
https://github.com/jspark311/ManuvrDrivers.git|Contributed|ManuvrDrivers
https://github.com/WonderCRM/CRMui3.git|Contributed|CRMui3
https://github.com/MrYsLab/NanoConnectHcSr04.git|Contributed|NanoConnectHcSr04
https://github.com/ricardoquesada/bluepad32-arduino.git|Contributed|Bluepad32 for NINA-W10 boards
https://github.com/AeroboticsGlobalTeam/AEBO.git|Contributed|AEBO
https://gitlab.com/riva-lab/SimpleBME280.git|Contributed|SimpleBME280
https://gitlab.com/riva-lab/SimpleMeteoCalc.git|Contributed|SimpleMeteoCalc
https://github.com/hideakitai/ESP32SPISlave.git|Contributed|ESP32SPISlave
https://github.com/Zentser/esp-zentser-sdk.git|Contributed|Zentser ESP SDK
https://github.com/SergeSkor/SSVLongTime.git|Contributed|SSVLongTime
https://github.com/SergeSkor/SSVAnySensor.git|Contributed|SSVAnySensor
https://github.com/SergeSkor/SSVNTPCoreClass.git|Contributed|SSVNTPCoreClass
https://github.com/SergeSkor/SSVQueueStackArray.git|Contributed|SSVQueueStackArray
https://github.com/SergeSkor/SSVWaitForStringInStream.git|Contributed|SSVWaitForStringInStream
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_C3_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|ESP32_C3_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/MotorController.git|Contributed|MotorController
https://github.com/FTTechBrasil/AqualaboSensor.git|Contributed|FTTech Aqualabo Sensors
https://github.com/guttih/DisplayMenu.git|Contributed|DisplayMenu
https://github.com/unit-system-exports/unit-system-arduino.git|Contributed|unit-system
https://github.com/sakabug/Bugtton.git|Contributed|Bugtton
https://github.com/Geekble-Maker/Geekble_LieDetector.git|Contributed|Geekble_LieDetector
https://github.com/xiongyu0523/AzureRTOS-ThreadX-For-Arduino.git|Contributed|Azure RTOS ThreadX
https://github.com/techpaul/XMC_Servo.git|Contributed|XMC_Servo
https://github.com/dhi-nikhil/indhi-lib-arduino-esp32.git|Contributed|indhilib
https://github.com/siktec-lab/SIKTEC-Keys.git|Contributed|SIKTEC Keys
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Tsunami_Qwiic_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Tsunami Super WAV Trigger Qwiic
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_S2_ISR_Servo.git|Contributed|ESP32_S2_ISR_Servo
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_C3_ISR_Servo.git|Contributed|ESP32_C3_ISR_Servo
https://github.com/crmoratelli/SupmeaDO7016.git|Contributed|SupmeaDO7016
https://github.com/siktec-lab/SIKTEC-AVR-Controller.git|Contributed|SIKTEC_AVR_Controller
https://github.com/todd-herbert/heltec-eink-modules.git|Contributed|heltec-eink-modules
https://github.com/FTTechBrasil/FTTech_XBee.git|Contributed|FTTech SAMD51 XBee
https://github.com/seanboe/SimpleFusion.git|Contributed|SimpleFusion
https://github.com/DavidArmstrong/WMM_Tinier.git|Contributed|WMM_Tinier
https://github.com/khoih-prog/FlashStorage_RTL8720.git|Contributed|FlashStorage_RTL8720
https://github.com/Basirk/I2CHelper.git|Contributed|I2CHelper
https://github.com/khoih-prog/RTL8720_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|RTL8720_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_STC3x_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun STC3x Arduino Library
https://github.com/astuder/SwarmTile.git|Contributed|SwarmTile
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12010-VEML7700-Library.git|Contributed|RAKwireless VEML Light Sensor
https://github.com/khoih-prog/RTL8720_RTC.git|Contributed|RTL8720_RTC
https://github.com/fbiego/CST816S.git|Contributed|CST816S
https://github.com/bitbank2/JPEGENC.git|Contributed|JPEGENC
https://github.com/JulStrat/uCDB.git|Contributed|uCDB
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AGS02MA.git|Contributed|AGS02MA
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_New_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|ESP32_New_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_New_ISR_Servo.git|Contributed|ESP32_New_ISR_Servo
https://github.com/BEAT-System/SerialCom.git|Contributed|SerialCom
https://github.com/SchooMyDevelopment/SchooMyUtilities.git|Contributed|SchooMyUtilities
https://github.com/khoih-prog/FlashStorage_STM32F1.git|Contributed|FlashStorage_STM32F1
https://github.com/Tinyu-Zhao/TinyGPSPlus.git|Contributed|TinyGPSPlus-ESP32
https://github.com/bxparks/AceSegment.git|Contributed|AceSegment
https://github.com/bxparks/AceSegmentWriter.git|Contributed|AceSegmentWriter
https://github.com/bxparks/AceSPI.git|Contributed|AceSPI
https://github.com/bxparks/AceTMI.git|Contributed|AceTMI
https://github.com/bxparks/AceWire.git|Contributed|AceWire
https://github.com/m5stack/M5_BMM150.git|Contributed|M5_BMM150
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/ArduPID.git|Contributed|ArduPID
https://github.com/Tinyu-Zhao/PCA9554.git|Contributed|PCA9554
https://github.com/AlexTutorial/KrokoTS.git|Contributed|KrokoTS
https://github.com/khoih-prog/STM32_ISR_Servo.git|Contributed|STM32_ISR_Servo
https://github.com/Rad-hi/MyButton_Arduino.git|Contributed|MyButton
https://github.com/khoih-prog/RP2040_ISR_Servo.git|Contributed|RP2040_ISR_Servo
https://github.com/micromouseonline/BasicEncoder.git|Contributed|BasicEncoder
https://github.com/khoih-prog/SAMD_ISR_Servo.git|Contributed|SAMD_ISR_Servo
https://github.com/khoih-prog/NRF52_ISR_Servo.git|Contributed|NRF52_ISR_Servo
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MTP40C.git|Contributed|MTP40C
https://github.com/adrian200223/Simple5641AS.git|Contributed|Simple5641AS
https://github.com/pablo-sampaio/easy_mfrc522.git|Contributed|Easy MFRC522
https://github.com/bxparks/AceSorting.git|Contributed|AceSorting
https://github.com/lozziboy/arduino-serial-variable-table.git|Contributed|cSerialWatcher
https://github.com/levkovigor/MMC34160PJ.git|Contributed|MMC34160PJ
https://github.com/levkovigor/ppposclient.git|Contributed|PPPOSClient
https://github.com/levkovigor/GT811.git|Contributed|GT811 Library
https://github.com/iotkaran/Arduino.git|Contributed|Iotkaran
https://github.com/levkovigor/LTR390.git|Contributed|LTR390
https://github.com/Tinyu-Zhao/FFT.git|Contributed|FFT
https://github.com/masadaruma/TB67H450-arduino-library.git|Contributed|TB67H450-arduino-library
https://github.com/Tinyu-Zhao/TFTTerminal.git|Contributed|TFTTerminal
https://github.com/1452206376/CH9328-Keyboard.git|Contributed|CH9328-Keyboard
https://github.com/cygig/DailyStruggleButton.git|Contributed|DailyStruggleButton
https://github.com/9glt/arduino-attiny85-mcp23017-library.git|Contributed|MCP23017_Attiny85
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DAC8550.git|Contributed|DAC8550
https://github.com/khoih-prog/FS_Nano33BLE.git|Contributed|FS_Nano33BLE
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_APA102.git|Arduino|Arduino_APA102
https://github.com/EscapeAutomate/ArduinoLib.git|Contributed|EscapeAutomate
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-BoostUnits.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-BoostUnits
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/AT42QT.git|Contributed|AT42QT
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-Sensor.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-Sensor
https://github.com/9glt/arduino-attiny85-fastpin-library.git|Contributed|attiny85FasterPin
https://github.com/Dirk-/NanoBLEFlashPrefs.git|Contributed|NanoBLEFlashPrefs
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/PrintCppVersion.git|Contributed|PrintCppVersion
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AS6212_Qwiic_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun AS6212 Qwiic Arduino Library
https://github.com/natnqweb/Motor_PID.git|Contributed|Motor_PID
https://github.com/natnqweb/Simpletimer.git|Contributed|Simpletimer
https://github.com/natnqweb/SD_card_logger.git|Contributed|SD_card_logger
https://github.com/francobasaglia/MagicPot.git|Contributed|MagicPot
https://github.com/jkingsman/Z80Mega.git|Contributed|Z80
https://github.com/stm32duino/NFC-RFAL.git|Contributed|STM32duino NFC-RFAL
https://github.com/stm32duino/ST25R3911B.git|Contributed|STM32duino ST25R3911B
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-NFC05A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-NFC05A1
https://github.com/hideakitai/FastLEDManager.git|Contributed|FastLEDManager
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_OnePin.git|Contributed|MD_OnePin
https://github.com/natnqweb/SkyMap.git|Contributed|SkyMap
https://github.com/FTTechBrasil/FTTech-LoRaWAN.git|Contributed|FTTech LoRaWAN
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_Mic.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino Mic
https://github.com/andhieSetyabudi/hx710b_arduino.git|Contributed|hx710b_arduino
https://github.com/Flowduino/LithiumPowered.git|Contributed|Lithium-Powered
https://github.com/Z01NE/MyAlarm.git|Contributed|MyAlarm
https://github.com/khoih-prog/LittleFS_Portenta_H7.git|Contributed|LittleFS_Portenta_H7
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_FS3000_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun_FS3000_Arduino_Library
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/WisBlock-API.git|Contributed|WisBlock-API
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK-ADS7830-Library.git|Contributed|RAKwireless ADS7830 library
https://github.com/u-fire/SHT3x.git|Contributed|Microfire_SHT3x
https://github.com/someweisguy/esp_dmx.git|Contributed|esp_dmx
https://github.com/jaredliw/PikaBot.git|Contributed|Pikabot
https://github.com/Open-Acidification/TankController.git|Contributed|TankController
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFiManager_Portenta_H7_Lite.git|Contributed|WiFiManager_Portenta_H7_Lite
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Ethernet_Manager_Portenta_H7.git|Contributed|Ethernet_Manager_Portenta_H7
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_RTU.git|Contributed|DFRobot_RTU
https://github.com/andriell/arduino-library-WT2003M02-mp3-decoder.git|Contributed|AndreyRybalko WT2003M02 MP3 Decoder
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_IS31FL3741.git|Contributed|Adafruit IS31FL3741 Library
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Portenta_H7_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|Portenta_H7_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_Stepper.git|Contributed|MD_Stepper
https://github.com/BreadBoardMates/Arduino-Mates-Controller.git|Contributed|MatesController
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_DHT20.git|Contributed|DFRobot_DHT20
https://github.com/newdigate/teensy-audio-launch-ctrl.git|Contributed|TeensyAudioLaunchCtrl
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Portenta_H7_ISR_Servo.git|Contributed|Portenta_H7_ISR_Servo
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_Sketchbook.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino Sketchbook
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_BMP3XX.git|Contributed|DFRobot_BMP3XX
https://github.com/terrorsl/sMQTTBroker.git|Contributed|sMQTTBroker
https://github.com/FeralAI/MPG.git|Contributed|MPG
https://github.com/winner10920/ESPSerialFlasher.git|Contributed|ESPSerialFlasher
https://github.com/Excelsior-Robotics/Excelsior.git|Contributed|Excelsior
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_PWM.git|Contributed|ESP32_PWM
https://github.com/tamctec/ft62x6-arduino.git|Contributed|TAMC_FT62X6
https://github.com/NuclearPhoenixx/MQ135.git|Contributed|MQ135
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP8266_PWM.git|Contributed|ESP8266_PWM
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Portenta_H7_PWM.git|Contributed|Portenta_H7_PWM
https://github.com/tgtakaoka/libcli.git|Contributed|libcli
https://github.com/Aidywady/NXTBluetooth.git|Contributed|NXTBluetooth
https://github.com/TawalMc/TinyDatabase_Arduino.git|Contributed|TinyDatabase_Arduino
https://github.com/tgtakaoka/libasm.git|Contributed|libasm
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AVR_ISP_Programming_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun AVR ISP Programming Library
https://github.com/awgrover/Every-for-arduino.git|Contributed|Every
https://github.com/bobboteck/CWLibrary.git|Contributed|CWLibrary
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Portenta_H7_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|Portenta_H7_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/SpaceTrekKSC/EasyStarterKit.git|Contributed|SpaceTrek EasyStarterKit
https://github.com/khoih-prog/RP2040_PWM.git|Contributed|RP2040_PWM
https://github.com/khoih-prog/MBED_RP2040_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|MBED_RP2040_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/khoih-prog/RP2040_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|RP2040_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/m5stack/STAMP-PICO.git|Contributed|STAMP-PICO
https://github.com/mgaman/PDUlib.git|Contributed|pdulib
https://github.com/khoih-prog/nRF52_MBED_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|nRF52_MBED_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/khoih-prog/nRF52_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|nRF52_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/Wh1teRabbitHU/ADS1115-Driver.git|Contributed|ADS1115-Driver
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_B_LUX_V30B.git|Contributed|DFRobot_B_LUX_V30B
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SGP40.git|Contributed|DFRobot_SGP40
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_TCS3430.git|Contributed|DFRobot_TCS3430
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AVR_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|AVR_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/MrYsLab/Telemetrix4Connect2040.git|Contributed|Telemetrix4Connect2040
https://github.com/khoih-prog/megaAVR_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|megaAVR_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SHT2x.git|Contributed|SHT2x
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_VL6180X.git|Contributed|DFRobot_VL6180X
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Teensy_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|Teensy_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/khoih-prog/SAMDUE_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|SAMDUE_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_RGBLCD1602.git|Contributed|DFRobot_RGBLCD1602
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AnalogUVSensor.git|Contributed|AnalogUVSensor
https://github.com/RodolfoPrieto/MCP3208.git|Contributed|MCP3208
https://github.com/khoih-prog/STM32_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|STM32_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/shkoo/MeshGnome.git|Contributed|MeshGnome
https://github.com/khoih-prog/STM32_PWM.git|Contributed|STM32_PWM
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_OplaUI.git|Arduino|Arduino_OplaUI
https://github.com/michpro/XTEA-Cipher.git|Contributed|XTEA-Cipher
https://github.com/khoih-prog/SAMD_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|SAMD_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/StrathbogieBrewing/VEDirect.git|Contributed|VEDirect
https://github.com/StrathbogieBrewing/TinBus.git|Contributed|TinBus
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Portenta_H7_AsyncTCP.git|Contributed|Portenta_H7_AsyncTCP
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Portenta_H7_AsyncWebServer.git|Contributed|Portenta_H7_AsyncWebServer
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_BHY2.git|Arduino|Arduino_BHY2
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_BHY2Host.git|Arduino|Arduino_BHY2Host
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Portenta_H7_AsyncUDP.git|Contributed|Portenta_H7_AsyncUDP
https://github.com/mkhuthir/Si4703.git|Contributed|Si4703
https://github.com/tamctec/gt911-arduino.git|Contributed|TAMC_GT911
https://github.com/FrankBoesing/FastCRC.git|Contributed|FastCRC
https://github.com/hideakitai/ArduinoEigen.git|Contributed|Eigen
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_BuiltIn.git|Arduino|Arduino_BuiltIn
https://github.com/Wh1teRabbitHU/SiC45x.git|Contributed|SiC45x
https://github.com/stm32duino/ST25R3916.git|Contributed|STM32duino ST25R3916
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-NFC06A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-NFC06A1
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MGC3130.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MGC3130
https://github.com/dmadison/FastLED_NeoPixel.git|Contributed|FastLED NeoPixel
https://github.com/hideakitai/MsgPackRosInterfaces.git|Contributed|MsgPackRosInterfaces
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MINMAX.git|Contributed|MINMAX
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Portenta_H7_AsyncHTTPRequest.git|Contributed|Portenta_H7_AsyncHTTPRequest
https://github.com/maxint-rd/TM16xx.git|Contributed|TM16xx LEDs and Buttons
https://github.com/bxparks/AceTimeClock.git|Contributed|AceTimeClock
https://github.com/hideakitai/PCA9624.git|Contributed|PCA9624
https://github.com/ktsai69/Vishay_VCNL4200.git|Contributed|Vishay_VCNL4200
https://github.com/rei-vilo/PDLS_EXT3_Basic_Global.git|Contributed|PDLS_EXT3_Basic_Global
https://github.com/rei-vilo/PDLS_EXT3_Basic_Fast.git|Contributed|PDLS_EXT3_Basic_Fast
https://github.com/devxplained/MAX3010x-Sensor-Library.git|Contributed|MAX3010x Sensor Library
https://github.com/devxplained/HTU21D-Sensor-Library.git|Contributed|HTU21D Sensor Library
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_VEML6075.git|Contributed|DFRobot_VEML6075
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_DF1201S.git|Contributed|DFRobot_DF1201S
https://github.com/A-Vision-Software/AVision_ESP8266.git|Contributed|AVision_ESP8266
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_URM13.git|Contributed|DFRobot_URM13
https://github.com/Jackal28/MCP3304.git|Contributed|MCP3304
https://github.com/yanranxiaoxi/AntiKeyRepetition.h.git|Contributed|AntiKeyRepetition
https://github.com/NuclearPhoenixx/Arduino-Pico-Analog-Correction.git|Contributed|PicoAnalogCorrection
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncTCP_SSL.git|Contributed|AsyncTCP_SSL
https://github.com/RoboCore/RoboCore_Vespa.git|Contributed|RoboCore - Vespa
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncHTTPSRequest_Generic.git|Contributed|AsyncHTTPSRequest_Generic
https://github.com/EndlessParadox7/GFX_Thaana.git|Contributed|GFX_Thaana
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_BMX160.git|Contributed|DFRobot_BMX160
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_PAJ7620U2.git|Contributed|DFRobot_PAJ7620U2
https://github.com/m5stack/M5_EzData.git|Contributed|M5_EzData
https://github.com/stm32duino/ST25R95.git|Contributed|STM32duino ST25R95
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VL53L1X.git|Contributed|Adafruit VL53L1X
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_DS323X.git|Contributed|DFRobot_DS323X
https://github.com/Gbertaz/NonBlockingDallas.git|Contributed|NonBlockingDallas
https://github.com/OSSLibraries/Arduino_MFRC522v2.git|Contributed|RFID_MFRC522v2
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sht4x.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SHT4x
https://github.com/smartmeio/microcontroller-id-library.git|Contributed|Microcontroller-id
https://github.com/connornishijima/Pixie_Chroma.git|Contributed|Pixie_Chroma
https://github.com/natnqweb/Functional_button.git|Contributed|functional_button
https://github.com/natnqweb/Mapf.git|Contributed|Mapf
https://github.com/nitz/Cie1931.git|Contributed|CIE1931
https://github.com/domiluci/LiquidCrystal_NKC.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystal NKC
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_smol_Power_Board_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun smol Power Board Arduino Library
https://github.com/XiloXL/Powerbaas.git|Contributed|Powerbaas
https://github.com/heiloworodl/StepMotor4windings.git|Contributed|StepMotor4windings
https://github.com/ArminJo/AvrTracing.git|Contributed|AvrTracing
https://github.com/bolderflight/circle_buf.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Circular Buffer
https://github.com/bolderflight/statistics.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Statistics
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_Lora.git|Contributed|DFRobot_LoRa
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_CCS811.git|Contributed|DFRobot_CCS811
https://github.com/bolderflight/units.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Unit Conversions
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_VL53L5CX_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun VL53L5CX Arduino Library
https://github.com/finani/ICM20689.git|Contributed|ICM20689
https://github.com/xreef/SimpleFTPServer.git|Contributed|SimpleFTPServer
https://github.com/xreef/EByte_LoRa_E22_Series_Library.git|Contributed|EByte LoRa E22 library
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAKwireless_Storage.git|Contributed|RAKwireless Storage
https://github.com/SantiagoSaldana/SBC.git|Contributed|SBC
https://github.com/AlexIII/incbin-arduino.git|Contributed|incbin
https://github.com/monkcs/devuino.git|Contributed|Devuino
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_VEML7700_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun VEML7700 Arduino Library
https://github.com/koendv/Arduino-RTTStream.git|Contributed|RTTStream
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MLX90614.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MLX90614
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unified.git|Contributed|M5Unified
https://github.com/TheFidax/WireSusi.git|Contributed|WireSusi
https://github.com/ncmreynolds/pimoroniTrackball.git|Contributed|pimoroniTrackball
https://github.com/felias-fogg/SoftI2CMaster.git|Contributed|SoftI2CMaster
https://github.com/ZinggJM/ILI9486_SPI.git|Contributed|ILI9486_SPI
https://github.com/ZinggJM/GFX_Extensions.git|Contributed|GFX_Extensions
https://github.com/lansium-dev/lansium-arduino.git|Contributed|lansium-arduino
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-A89306.git|Contributed|A89306_asukiaaa
https://github.com/Jueff/SoftwareSerialTX.git|Contributed|SoftwareSerialTX
https://github.com/cygig/MonteCarloPi.git|Contributed|MonteCarloPi
https://github.com/ProjectoOfficial/Oscup.git|Contributed|Oscup
https://github.com/Franzininho/Franzininho_LiquidCrystal.git|Contributed|Franzininho_LiquidCrystal
https://github.com/0neblock/Arduino_SNMP.git|Contributed|SNMP_Agent
https://github.com/tfeldmann/Arduino-Blinkenlight.git|Contributed|Blinkenlight
https://github.com/GerLech/AsyncWebConfig.git|Contributed|AsyncWebConfig
https://github.com/ohad32/FireBase32.git|Contributed|FireBase32
https://github.com/ruiseixasm/Robust-EEPROM.git|Contributed|Robust-EEPROM
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L5CX.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L5CX
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-53L5A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-53L5A1
https://github.com/FTTechBrasil/FTTech_Swarm.git|Contributed|FTTech Swarm
https://github.com/ArduinoGetStarted/Analog-Keypad.git|Contributed|ezAnalogKeypad
https://github.com/ArtronShop/Artron_DS1338.git|Contributed|Artron DS1338
https://github.com/Matrix-Robotics/MatrixLaserSensor.git|Contributed|Matrix Laser Sensor
https://github.com/verdanatech/glpi_esp8266.git|Contributed|glpi_esp8266
https://github.com/dl9sec/AioP13.git|Contributed|AioP13
https://github.com/NeMaksym/Arduino-EasySevenSeg.git|Contributed|Easy SevenSeg
https://github.com/nkaaf/Arduino-List.git|Contributed|List
https://github.com/ncmreynolds/TapCode.git|Contributed|TapCode
https://github.com/RobTillaart/tinySHT2x.git|Contributed|tinySHT2x
https://github.com/gravitech-engineer/AIS_IoT_4G.git|Contributed|AIS 4G board
https://github.com/BCISOFT/OvhAPI.git|Contributed|OvhAPI
https://github.com/BertanT/Arduino-RGBWConverter.git|Contributed|RGBWConverter
https://github.com/michaellee8/TimedState.git|Contributed|TimedState
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_SmartCar2.git|Contributed|MD_SmartCar2
https://github.com/tuya/tuya-ble-mcu-sdk-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Tuya_BLE_MCU_SDK
https://github.com/cbm80amiga/RREFont.git|Contributed|RRE Font Library
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-en.git|Contributed|Porcupine_EN
https://github.com/iotexproject/arduino-sdk.git|Contributed|IoTeX-blockchain-client
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-de.git|Contributed|Picovoice_DE
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-es.git|Contributed|Picovoice_ES
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-fr.git|Contributed|Picovoice_FR
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-de.git|Contributed|Porcupine_DE
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-fr.git|Contributed|Porcupine_FR
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-es.git|Contributed|Porcupine_ES
https://github.com/m5stack/M5PoECAM.git|Contributed|M5PoECAM
https://github.com/sensirion/arduino-gas-index-algorithm.git|Contributed|Sensirion Gas Index Algorithm
https://github.com/sensirion/arduino-i2c-sdp.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SDP
https://github.com/sensirion/arduino-i2c-sgp40.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SGP40
https://github.com/sensirion/arduino-i2c-sgp41.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SGP41
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-svm4x.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SVM4x
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-uart-svm4x.git|Contributed|Sensirion UART Svm4x
https://github.com/edge-ml/EdgeML-Arduino.git|Contributed|EdgeML-Arduino
https://github.com/tuya/tuya-zigbee-mcu-sdk-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Tuya_ZIGBEE_MCU_SDK
https://github.com/RobTillaart/pressure.git|Contributed|pressure
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12035_SoilMoisture.git|Contributed|RAK12035_SoilMoisture
https://github.com/RobTillaart/float16.git|Contributed|float16
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverTransfer.git|Contributed|GyverTransfer
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverLBUF.git|Contributed|GyverLBUF
https://github.com/GyverLibs/EEManager.git|Contributed|EEManager
https://github.com/GyverLibs/MicroUART.git|Contributed|MicroUART
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverINA.git|Contributed|GyverINA
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Approxy.git|Contributed|Approxy
https://github.com/bolderflight/airdata.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Airdata Calculations
https://github.com/bolderflight/checksum.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Checksum
https://github.com/bolderflight/framing.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Message Framing
https://github.com/dizcza/sdpsensor-esp-arduino.git|Contributed|SDPSensor-ESP
https://github.com/jpiat/PIOSpi.git|Contributed|PioSPI
https://github.com/bolderflight/leb128.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems LEB128
https://github.com/bolderflight/uleb128.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems ULEB128
https://github.com/bolderflight/imap.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Imap
https://github.com/mobizt/ESP-Line-Notify.git|Contributed|ESP Line Notify
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverHC595.git|Contributed|GyverHC595
https://github.com/GyverLibs/OVS.git|Contributed|OVS
https://github.com/bolderflight/control.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Controls
https://github.com/plapointe6/EspSimpleRemoteUpdate.git|Contributed|EspSimpleRemoteUpdate
https://github.com/plapointe6/EspSimpleWifiHandler.git|Contributed|EspSimpleWifiHandler
https://github.com/bolderflight/eigen.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Eigen
https://github.com/bolderflight/polytools.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Polytools
https://github.com/RobTillaart/palindrome.git|Contributed|palindrome
https://github.com/jpb10/SolarCalculator.git|Contributed|SolarCalculator
https://github.com/icomedit/Arduino-KIMlib.git|Contributed|KIMlib
https://github.com/RobTillaart/map2colour.git|Contributed|map2colour
https://github.com/bolderflight/filter.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Filter
https://github.com/0015/ESP32-OV5640-AF.git|Contributed|OV5640 Auto Focus for ESP32 Camera
https://github.com/bolderflight/excitation.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Excitation
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_VEML7700.git|Contributed|DFRobot_VEML7700
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_VisualRotaryEncoder.git|Contributed|DFRobot_VisualRotaryEncoder
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverHTU21D.git|Contributed|GyverHTU21D
https://github.com/kolabse/KolabseCarsCan.git|Contributed|KolabseCarsCan
https://github.com/TcMenu/SimpleCollections.git|Contributed|SimpleCollections
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c-arduino.git|Contributed|Azure SDK for C
https://github.com/Coder-X15/MCUOS.git|Contributed|MCUOS
https://github.com/John-Karatka/24LC64F.git|Contributed|EEPROM_24LC64F
https://github.com/dndubins/QuickStats.git|Contributed|QuickStats
https://github.com/vChavezB/uc-os3-arduino-due.git|Contributed|uCOS-III_Due
https://github.com/fabriziop/FIFOEE.git|Contributed|FIFOEE
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Fan_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Fan Arduino Library
https://github.com/viralinkio/ViraLink-MQTT-Client.git|Contributed|ViraLink-MQTT-Client
https://github.com/ssilverman/QNEthernet.git|Contributed|QNEthernet
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK13600-PN532.git|Contributed|RAKwireless RAK13600 RFID library
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12019_LTR390.git|Contributed|RAK12019_LTR390_UV_Light
https://github.com/RocketLauncherCDMX/RocketLauncher_RobbusKidsy.git|Contributed|RobbusKidsy
https://github.com/xiaoming-sun6/SerialDebugger.git|Contributed|SerialDebugger
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/TMC2209.git|Contributed|TMC2209
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_RHT03_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun RHT03 Arduino Library
https://github.com/coryjfowler/MCP_CAN_lib.git|Contributed|mcp_can
https://github.com/dmdhrumilmistry/DeviceController.git|Contributed|DeviceController
https://github.com/soracom-labs/soracom-arc-esp32-arduino.git|Contributed|SoracomArcESP32
https://github.com/bolderflight/pwm.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems PWM
https://github.com/neosarchizo/ps_33d_i2c.git|Contributed|PS-33D I2C
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-TC78B009FTG.git|Contributed|TC78B009FTG_asukiaaa
https://github.com/SyntaxHarvy/HACWifiManager.git|Contributed|HaCWifiManager
https://github.com/SyntaxHarvy/HACTimers.git|Contributed|HaCTimers
https://github.com/ysard/MyOwnBricks.git|Contributed|MyOwnBricks
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-HzMeter.git|Contributed|HzMeter_asukiaaa
https://github.com/aikopras/AP_DCC_library.git|Contributed|AP_DCC_Library
https://github.com/sebmillet/RF433recv.git|Contributed|RF433recv
https://github.com/finani/TriSonica_Mini.git|Contributed|TriSonica_Mini
https://github.com/spklpool/Carduino.git|Contributed|Carduino
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_ENS160.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ENS160
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_STS3X.git|Contributed|DFRobot_STS3X
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SIM.git|Contributed|DFRobot_SIM
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SIM7000.git|Contributed|DFRobot_SIM7000
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_EnvironmentalSensor.git|Contributed|DFRobot_EnvironmentalSensor
https://github.com/rneurink/PCA9622.git|Contributed|PCA9622
https://github.com/sstaub/Ethernet3.git|Contributed|Ethernet3
https://github.com/sstaub/TickTwo.git|Contributed|TickTwo
https://github.com/sstaub/NextionX2.git|Contributed|NextionX2
https://github.com/NHBSystems/NHB_AD7124.git|Contributed|NHB_AD7124
https://github.com/boothinator/TimerExtensions.git|Contributed|TimerExtensions
https://github.com/bolderflight/vector_nav.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems VectorNav
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_EMBRYO_2.git|Arduino,Retired|Arduino_EMBRYO_2
https://github.com/boothinator/AnalogReadAsync.git|Contributed|AnalogReadAsync
https://github.com/xavjb/KiddeeExpress.git|Contributed|KiddeeExpress
https://github.com/mobizt/ESP-Google-Sheet-Client.git|Contributed|ESP-Google-Sheet-Client
https://github.com/rodrigodornelles/3bc-lang.git|Contributed|3BC Language Virtual Machine
https://github.com/ysard/TCS34725.git|Contributed|TCS34725 async
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TestBed.git|Contributed|Adafruit TestBed
https://github.com/GyverLibs/SimplePortal.git|Contributed|SimplePortal
https://github.com/dndubins/EEPROMsimple.git|Contributed|EEPROMsimple
https://github.com/dndubins/SRAMsimple.git|Contributed|SRAMsimple
https://github.com/bobveringa/HSCDTD008A-Library.git|Contributed|HSCDTD008A
https://github.com/JChristensen/JC_Sunrise.git|Contributed|JC_Sunrise
https://github.com/andhieSetyabudi/MCP23017_LCD12864.git|Contributed|I2C_LCD12864
https://github.com/theengs/decoder.git|Contributed|TheengsDecoder
https://github.com/ClemensAtElektor/Nano_Every_WS2812B.git|Contributed|Nano_Every_WS2812B
https://github.com/autowp/arduino-mcp2515.git|Contributed|autowp-mcp2515
https://github.com/Gbertaz/JDI_MIP_Display.git|Contributed|JDI_MIP_Display
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/MAX471.git|Contributed|MAX471
https://github.com/Dlloydev/sTune.git|Contributed|sTune
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Floppy.git|Contributed|Adafruit Floppy
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L4CD.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L4CD
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-53L4A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-53L4A1
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCA9634.git|Contributed|PCA9634
https://github.com/m5stack/DEMO-BOARD.git|Contributed|DEMO-BOARD
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Max44007.git|Contributed|Max44007
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_GM60.git|Contributed|DFRobot_GM60
https://github.com/MaximIntegrated/MaxEssentialToolkit.git|Contributed|MaxEssentialToolkit
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AM2315.git|Contributed|AM2315
https://github.com/Stutchbury/EncoderButton.git|Contributed|EncoderButton
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Wippersnapper_Arduino.git|Contributed|Adafruit WipperSnapper
https://github.com/sstaub/gma3.git|Contributed|gma3
https://github.com/sstaub/NTP.git|Contributed|NTP
https://github.com/sstaub/TeensyID.git|Contributed|TeensyID
https://github.com/sstaub/Timer.git|Contributed|Timer
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_ICG20660L.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ICG20660L
https://github.com/shufflebits/GU140X32F-7703A.git|Contributed|GU140X32F-7703A
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverMAX6675.git|Contributed|GyverMAX6675
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP23S17.git|Contributed|MCP23S17
https://github.com/cjsgoncalves/ArduinoIDE-Utils.git|Contributed|Utils
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_TMF8x01.git|Contributed|DFRobot_TMF8x01
https://github.com/makerspaceleiden/tee-log.git|Contributed|TLog
https://github.com/cafeiot/CafeIOT_Arduino.git|Contributed|CafeIot_Arduino
https://github.com/cafeiot/CafeIOT_Esp8266.git|Contributed|CafeIOT
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sen5x.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SEN5X
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP23S08.git|Contributed|MCP23S08
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_IICSerial.git|Contributed|DFRobot_IICSerial
https://github.com/cjsgoncalves/ArduinoIDE-UtilsBoards.git|Contributed|UtilsBoards
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MCP23017.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MCP23017
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK14012-LED-Matrix.git|Contributed|RAKwireless LED Matrix
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12021-TCS37725.git|Contributed|RAKwireless-RAK12021-TCS37725
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12025-I3G4250D.git|Contributed|RAKwireless I3G4250D Gyroscope library
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_BMM150.git|Contributed|DFRobot_BMM150
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-high-side-switch.git|Contributed|high-side-switch-ino
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_ICP10111.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ICP10111
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_URM09.git|Contributed|DFRobot_URM09
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_AS3935.git|Contributed|DFRobot_AS3935
https://github.com/JChristensen/JC_EEPROM.git|Contributed|JC_EEPROM
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP23008.git|Contributed|MCP23008
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DHT20.git|Contributed|DHT20
https://github.com/ewertons/esp32-azureiotkit-sensors.git|Contributed|Espressif ESP32 Azure IoT Kit Sensors
https://github.com/Kei0208/SUSHI-IO-EXP.git|Contributed|SUSHI-EXP-BOARD
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MAX6675.git|Contributed|MAX6675
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_InternalFlash.git|Contributed|Adafruit InternalFlash
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SHT20.git|Contributed|DFRobot_SHT20
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_DS1307.git|Contributed|DFRobot_DS1307
https://github.com/chandrawi/LoRaRF-Arduino.git|Contributed|LoRaRF
https://github.com/MClarkDev/ArylicHTTP.git|Contributed|ArylicHTTP
https://github.com/gpb01/SerialCmd.git|Contributed|SerialCmd
https://github.com/malokhvii-eduard/arduino-bme280.git|Contributed|Bme280
https://github.com/malokhvii-eduard/arduino-mhz19.git|Contributed|Mhz19
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IHM15A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IHM15A1
https://github.com/dirkohme/MCP3421.git|Contributed|MCP3421
https://github.com/dirkohme/LED.git|Contributed|CLed
https://github.com/Stutchbury/DisplayUtils.git|Contributed|DisplayUtils
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_AirQualitySensor.git|Contributed|DFRobot_AirQualitySensor
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_BloodOxygen_S.git|Contributed|DFRobot_BloodOxygen_S
https://github.com/jpconstantineau/BlueMicro_HID_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|bluemicro_hid
https://github.com/OttoDIY/OttoDIYLib.git|Contributed|OttoDIYLib
https://github.com/dirkohme/Beeper.git|Contributed|CBeeper
https://github.com/akkoyun/Telit_xE910.git|Contributed|Telit xE910 Series GSM Modem Library
https://github.com/YFROBOT-TM/Yfrobot-I2C-LineFollowSensor-Library.git|Contributed|Yfrobot I2C Line Follow Sensor Library
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_Alcohol.git|Contributed|DFRobot_Alcohol
https://github.com/dirkohme/Clock.git|Contributed|Clock
https://github.com/Lynxmotion/Arduino-PPM.git|Contributed|PPM
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PWFusion_Mcp2515.git|Contributed|PWFusion_Mcp2515
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PWFusion_MAX31856.git|Contributed|PWFusion_MAX31856
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_DF1101S.git|Contributed|DFRobot_DF1101S
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SpeechSynthesis.git|Contributed|DFRobot_SpeechSynthesis
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_PN532.git|Contributed|DFRobot_PN532
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_AS7341.git|Contributed|DFRobot_AS7341
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_BT401.git|Contributed|DFRobot_BT401
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_VoiceRecorder.git|Contributed|DFRobot_VoiceRecorder
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_ID809_I2C.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ID809_I2C
https://github.com/sourcesimian/uICAL.git|Contributed|uICAL
https://github.com/gpb01/wdt_samd21.git|Contributed|wdt_samd21
https://github.com/desertgreg/PixelGrid.git|Contributed|PixelGrid
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_24GHz_Radar_Sensor.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino 24GHz Radar Sensor
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MPX5700.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MPX5700
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_Maqueenplus.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MaqueenPlus
https://github.com/danyev3/JAREL.git|Contributed|JAREL
https://github.com/Stutchbury/TouchKeypad.git|Contributed|TouchKeypad
https://github.com/mikalhart/TinyGPSPlus.git|Contributed|TinyGPSPlus
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverPortal.git|Contributed|GyverPortal
https://github.com/vChavezB/NoBlockEEPROM.git|Contributed|NoBlockEEPROM
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_8Channel_I2C_Hub.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino 8Channel I2C Hub
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MS5611_SPI.git|Contributed|MS5611_SPI
https://github.com/m5stack/ATOM_DTU_CAT1.git|Contributed|ATOM_DTU_CAT1
https://github.com/iotdevicesdev/GGreg20_V3.git|Contributed|GGreg20_V3
https://github.com/PR-DC/PRDC_RS485HD_STM32.git|Contributed|PRDC_RS485HD_STM32
https://github.com/PR-DC/PRDC_FreePort.git|Contributed|PRDC_FreePort
https://github.com/PR-DC/PRDC_ServoHT.git|Contributed|PRDC_ServoHT
https://github.com/PR-DC/PRDC_TMAESC.git|Contributed|PRDC_TMAESC
https://github.com/PR-DC/PRDC_AD7797.git|Contributed|PRDC_AD7797
https://github.com/PR-DC/PRDC_AD7193.git|Contributed|PRDC_AD7193
https://github.com/PR-DC/PRDC_AD7194.git|Contributed|PRDC_AD7194
https://github.com/ArduinoGetStarted/led.git|Contributed|ezLED
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Fletcher.git|Contributed|Fletcher
https://github.com/bitbank2/G4Enc.git|Contributed|G4Enc
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-AS504x.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-AS504x
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Adler.git|Contributed|Adler
https://github.com/winkelict/ADXL362.git|Contributed|WinkelICT ADXL362
https://github.com/chrmlinux/tinyUDP.git|Contributed|tinyUDP
https://github.com/chrmlinux/WiFiWire.git|Contributed|WiFiWire
https://github.com/finani/ICM42688.git|Contributed|ICM42688
https://github.com/8059blank/CytronPikaBot.git|Contributed|Cytron_PikaBot
https://github.com/instanceofMA/arduino-fetch.git|Contributed|Fetch
https://github.com/winkelict/TinyATCommandParser.git|Contributed|WinkelICT Tiny AT Command Parser
https://github.com/ahmsec/fork-webbino-ahmsec.git|Contributed|fork-webbino-ahmsec
https://github.com/turing-complete-labs/LCDDisplay10_Arduino.git|Contributed|LCDDisplay10
https://github.com/VassilyDev/TSBridge.git|Contributed|TSBridge
https://github.com/fish-five/BGWiFiConfig.git|Contributed|BGWiFiConfig
https://github.com/jcomas/S8_UART.git|Contributed|S8_UART
https://github.com/unref-ptr/lwIOLink.git|Contributed|lwIOLink
https://github.com/simplefoc/Arduino-FOC-drivers.git|Contributed|SimpleFOCDrivers
https://github.com/Stutchbury/EventButton.git|Contributed|EventButton
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Soundex.git|Contributed|Soundex
https://github.com/jfjlaros/serialMux.git|Contributed|serialMux
https://github.com/chrmlinux/tinyI2S.git|Contributed|tinyI2S
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_VL53L0X.git|Contributed|DFRobot_VL53L0X
https://github.com/Stutchbury/EventAnalog.git|Contributed|EventAnalog
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-TSL2550.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-TSL2550
https://github.com/Stutchbury/EventJoystick.git|Contributed|EventJoystick
https://github.com/GyverLibs/QuickCharge.git|Contributed|QuickCharge
https://github.com/road-t/DM8BA10.git|Contributed|DM8BA10
https://github.com/MrYsLab/Telemetrix4Esp32.git|Contributed|Telemetrix4Esp32
https://github.com/khoih-prog/nRF52_MBED_PWM.git|Contributed|nRF52_MBED_PWM
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_External_EEPROM.git|Contributed|EmotiBit External EEPROM
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-TCS3472.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-TCS3472
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_ADS1X15.git|Contributed|EmotiBit ADS1X15
https://github.com/khoih-prog/MBED_RP2040_PWM.git|Contributed|MBED_RP2040_PWM
https://github.com/cyijun/HAMqttDiscoveryHandler.git|Contributed|HAMqttDiscoveryHandler
https://github.com/akkoyun/MAX78630.git|Contributed|MAX78630
https://github.com/akkoyun/I2C_Functions.git|Contributed|I2C_Functions
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_BMP280.git|Contributed|DFRobot_BMP280
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_DHT11.git|Contributed|DFRobot_DHT11
https://github.com/cike-567/arduino-ps2zhuji.git|Contributed|ps2zhuji
https://github.com/creatingnull/null-packet-comms-arduino.git|Contributed|NullPacketComms
https://github.com/RobTillaart/X9C10X.git|Contributed|X9C10X
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ADXL375.git|Contributed|Adafruit ADXL375
https://github.com/cike-567/arduino-ps2shebei.git|Contributed|ps2shebei
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Braccio_plusplus.git|Arduino|Arduino_Braccio_plusplus
https://github.com/chrmlinux/tinyESPNow.git|Contributed|tinyESPNow
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFiMulti_Generic.git|Contributed|WiFiMulti_Generic
https://github.com/Leafony/LeafonySTM32.git|Contributed|LeafonySTM32
https://github.com/ekkai/Aicococam_Ardu.git|Contributed|Ai COCOCAM
https://github.com/4dsystems/ViSi-Genie-Arduino-Library-DEV.git|Contributed|genieArduinoDEV
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_LIS.git|Contributed|DFRobot_LIS
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_BME680.git|Contributed|DFRobot_BME680
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SIM808.git|Contributed|DFRobot_SIM808
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_HX711_I2C.git|Contributed|DFRobot_HX711_I2C
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_LWLP.git|Contributed|DFRobot_LWLP
https://github.com/akkoyun/Console.git|Contributed|Console
https://github.com/MakerLabCRI/Max86141.git|Contributed|Max86141
https://github.com/justcallmekoko/SwitchLib.git|Contributed|SwitchLib
https://github.com/MClarkDev/BleepingLibrary.git|Contributed|Bleeping Library
https://github.com/Robo-Wunderkind/RoboWunduino.git|Contributed|RoboWunduino
https://github.com/Jueff/FireplaceMLX.git|Contributed|FireplaceMLX
https://github.com/fellipecouto/PWMOutESP32.git|Contributed|PWMOutESP32
https://github.com/fellipecouto/ShiftOutMega.git|Contributed|ShiftOutMega
https://github.com/fellipecouto/MemoryLib.h.git|Contributed|MemoryLib
https://github.com/MicroBeaut/MicroBeaut.git|Contributed|MicroBeaut
https://github.com/Jueff/InfraredMLX.git|Contributed|InfraredMLX
https://github.com/fellipecouto/MillisTimerLib.git|Contributed|MillisTimerLib
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SGP4_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SGP4 Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Swarm_Satellite_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Swarm Satellite Arduino Library
https://github.com/ruiseixasm/Versatile_RotaryEncoder.git|Contributed|Versatile_RotaryEncoder
https://github.com/akkoyun/I2C_Scanner.git|Contributed|I2C_Scanner
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_PH.git|Contributed|DFRobot_PH
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_BC20_Gravity.git|Contributed|DFRobot_BC20_Gravity
https://github.com/skathir38/Rotary.git|Contributed|Rotary
https://github.com/akkoyun/dWin.git|Contributed|dWin
https://github.com/stm32duino/ISM330DHCX.git|Contributed|STM32duino ISM330DHCX
https://github.com/bitbank2/SLIC.git|Contributed|SLIC
https://github.com/vChavezB/SimpleJ1939.git|Contributed|SimpleJ1939
https://github.com/Jackal28/LMT87.git|Contributed|LMT87
https://github.com/CMB27/ModbusRTUSlave.git|Contributed|ModbusRTUSlave
https://github.com/stm32duino/IIS2DLPC.git|Contributed|STM32duino IIS2DLPC
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IKS02A1-Audio.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IKS02A1 Audio
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IKS02A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IKS02A1
https://github.com/ArmDeveloperEcosystem/DA16200-WiFi-Library-for-Arduino.git|Contributed|DA16200 Wi-Fi Library for Arduino
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_ADS1115.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ADS1115
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SerialScreen771.git|Contributed|DFRobot_SerialScreen771
https://github.com/EngineeringRoom/Engineer_EasyEEPROM.git|Contributed|Engineer EasyEEPROM
https://github.com/shurik179/pov-library.git|Contributed|POV library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/GST.git|Contributed|GST
https://github.com/xiangfuli/Arduino-L298NDriver.git|Contributed|L298NDriver
https://github.com/MaiTheLord/BetterOTA.git|Contributed|BetterOTA
https://github.com/sichel94/GUVB-C31SM.git|Contributed|GUVB-C31SM
https://github.com/pixetto/PixettoLite.git|Contributed|PixettoLite
https://github.com/centaq/arduino-modbus-slave-rtu-over-rs485.git|Contributed|ModBusSlave
https://github.com/centaq/arduino-simple-timers.git|Contributed|Timers
https://github.com/centaq/arduino-async-sms.git|Contributed|AsyncSMS
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_AHT20.git|Contributed|DFRobot_AHT20
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_RS01.git|Contributed|DFRobot_RS01
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_ASR.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ASR
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_HX711.git|Contributed|DFRobot_HX711
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_BMI160.git|Contributed|DFRobot_BMI160
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MAX17043.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MAX17043
https://github.com/akkoyun/MAX17055.git|Contributed|MAX17055
https://github.com/hsfl/artemis-cubesat.git|Contributed|artemis-cubesat
https://github.com/ekkai/kocoafabLib.git|Contributed|KOCOAFAB
https://github.com/plageoj/urlencode.git|Contributed|UrlEncode
https://github.com/InqOnThat/InqPortal.git|Contributed|InqPortal
https://github.com/shnam7/ardukit.git|Contributed|ardukit
https://github.com/bheesma-10/mcp23017-arduino.git|Contributed|MCP23017_I2C
https://github.com/InfiniteCoder01/BufferedOreonSSD1351.git|Contributed|Buffered Oreon SSD1351
https://github.com/sichel94/pseudospectrum.git|Contributed|pseudospectrum
https://github.com/centaq/arduino-async-bmp180wrapper.git|Contributed|AsyncBMP180Wrapper
https://github.com/centaq/arduino-led-driver.git|Contributed|LEDDriver
https://github.com/akkoyun/RV3028.git|Contributed|RV3028
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12029-LDC1614.git|Contributed|RAK12029-LDC1614
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK13800-W5100S.git|Contributed|RAK13800_W5100S
https://github.com/bheesma-10/MCP23008_I2C.git|Contributed|MCP23008_I2C
https://github.com/gianni-carbone/STM32encoder.git|Contributed|STM32encoder
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acanfd-feather-m4-can.git|Contributed|ACANFD_FeatherM4CAN
https://github.com/Bobingstern/MicroFlow.git|Contributed|MicroFlow
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DEVFULL.git|Contributed|DEVFULL
https://github.com/BeanieBob/GY26Compass.git|Contributed|GY26Compass
https://github.com/kousheekc/Kinematics.git|Contributed|Kinematics
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncMQTT_Generic.git|Contributed|AsyncMQTT_Generic
https://github.com/xreef/EByte_LoRa_E220_Series_Library.git|Contributed|EByte LoRa E220 library
https://github.com/gianni-carbone/STM32ad9833.git|Contributed|STM32ad9833
https://github.com/neosarchizo/cb-hcho-v4.git|Contributed|CB-HCHO-V4
https://github.com/felias-fogg/TXOnlySerial.git|Contributed|TXOnlySerial
https://github.com/felias-fogg/SingleWireSerial.git|Contributed|SingleWireSerial
https://github.com/hideakitai/PCA95x5.git|Contributed|PCA95x5
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acan-stm32.git|Contributed|ACAN_STM32
https://github.com/RoboCore/RoboCore_SMW-SX1262M0.git|Contributed|RoboCore - SMW_SX1262M0
https://github.com/vChavezB/qpcpp_esp32.git|Contributed|QPESP32
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Teensy41_AsyncTCP.git|Contributed|Teensy41_AsyncTCP
https://github.com/wollewald/EEPROM_SPI_WE.git|Contributed|EEPROM_SPI_WE
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L4CX.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L4CX
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-53L4A2.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-53L4A2
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_Teensy41.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_Teensy41
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncHTTPRequest_Teensy41.git|Contributed|AsyncHTTPRequest_Teensy41
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_Teensy41.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_Teensy41
https://github.com/mcci-catena/MCCI-Catena-PMS7003.git|Contributed|MCCI-Catena-PMS7003
https://github.com/mcci-catena/MCCI-Catena-SHT3x.git|Contributed|MCCI-Catena-SHT3x
https://github.com/italia/cie-PN532.git|Contributed|CIE-PN532
https://github.com/kimballa/PyArduinoDebug.git|Contributed|PyArduinoDebug
https://github.com/gianni-carbone/STM32mcp4151.git|Contributed|STM32mcp4151
https://github.com/patricklaf/SNMP.git|Contributed|SNMP
https://gitlab.com/atesin/XxHash_arduino.git|Contributed|XxHash_arduino
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncDNSServer_Teensy41.git|Contributed|AsyncDNSServer_Teensy41
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SHT.git|Contributed|DFRobot SHT
https://github.com/hideakitai/MaxMtrParser.git|Contributed|MaxMtrParser
https://github.com/vurdalakov/radsensboard.git|Contributed|RadSensBoard
https://github.com/Kineis/KIM_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|KIM Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_OLED_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic OLED Arduino Library
https://github.com/n-wach/camino.git|Contributed|Camino
https://github.com/khoih-prog/MQTTPubSubClient_Generic.git|Contributed|MQTTPubSubClient_Generic
https://github.com/usini/usini_discord_webhook.git|Contributed|Discord_WebHook
https://github.com/srwi/FastLEDHub.git|Contributed|FastLEDHub
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_INA219.git|Contributed|DFRobot_INA219
https://github.com/RobTillaart/WaveMix.git|Contributed|WaveMix
https://github.com/tttmmmsss/ICM7218C.git|Contributed|ICM7218C
https://github.com/pololu/motoron-arduino.git|Contributed|Motoron
https://github.com/meshtastic/Meshtastic-arduino.git|Contributed|Meshtastic
https://github.com/cotestatnt/DigitalSignal.git|Contributed|DigitalSignalsArduino
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-XboxSeriesXControllerESP32.git|Contributed|XboxSeriesXControllerESP32_asukiaaa
https://github.com/climateguard/RadSens.git|Contributed|ClimateGuard RadSens
https://github.com/climateguard/CG-Anem.git|Contributed|ClimateGuard CG Anem
https://github.com/suratin27/ESP32_Control.git|Contributed|ESP32 Control
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_EOxygenSensor.git|Contributed|DFRobot_EOxygenSensor
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_OxygenSensor.git|Contributed|DFRobot_OxygenSensor
https://github.com/chcbaram/HS_JOY_ESP32.git|Contributed|HS_JOY_ESP32
https://github.com/ArtronShop/KidMotorV4-Arduino.git|Contributed|KidMotorV4-Arduino
https://github.com/bheesma-10/IP5306_I2C.git|Contributed|IP5306_I2C
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TSC2007.git|Contributed|Adafruit TSC2007
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Ethernet_Generic.git|Contributed|Ethernet_Generic
https://github.com/An7orAhmed/LiquidCrystalSerial.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystalSerial
https://github.com/An7orAhmed/LettersKeypad.git|Contributed|LettersKeypad
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sts4x.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C STS4x
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sf06-lf.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SF06-LF
https://github.com/chrmlinux/ArrayExt.git|Contributed|ArrayExt
https://github.com/Pixelbo/Pelco_And_Arduino.git|Contributed|Pelco_And_Arduino
https://github.com/sitronlabs/SitronLabs_OPT3001_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Sitron Labs OPT3001 Ambient Light Sensor Arduino Library
https://github.com/luoluomeng/HUSB238Driver.git|Contributed|HUSB238Driver
https://github.com/luoluomeng/NST1001Driver.git|Contributed|NST1001Driver
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/HD44780_LCD_PCF8574.git|Contributed|HD44780_LCD_PCF8574
https://github.com/chrmlinux/ESPDisplay.git|Contributed|ESPDisplay
https://github.com/osteele/Arduino_SerialRecord.git|Contributed|SerialRecord
https://github.com/tamctec/irm-mini-arduino.git|Contributed|IRM Mini
https://github.com/u-fire/steamrocket.git|Contributed|steamrocket
https://github.com/sleepnow2/ArdRTOS.git|Contributed|ArdRTOS
https://github.com/ysard/PT6312_VFD_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|PT6312
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_GP8302.git|Contributed|DFRobot_GP8302
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_IIS.git|Contributed|DFRobot_IIS
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MCP9808.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MCP9808
https://github.com/Tinyu-Zhao/M5-Outdepends.git|Contributed|M5-Outdepends
https://github.com/Tinyu-Zhao/M5-Depends.git|Contributed|M5-Depends
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_MultiWiFi.git|Arduino|Arduino_MultiWiFi
https://github.com/GLEE2023/Beelan-LoRaWAN.git|Contributed|GLEE Beelan LoRaWAN
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverJoy.git|Contributed|GyverJoy
https://github.com/Invisibleman1002/dynaHTML.git|Contributed|dynaHTML
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_TMF882X_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic TMF882X Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MMC5983MA_Magnetometer_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MMC5983MA Magnetometer Arduino Library
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_Ethernet.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_Ethernet
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_Ethernet.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_Ethernet
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_GP8403.git|Contributed|DFRobot_GP8403
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_LedDisplayModule.git|Contributed|DFRobot_LedDisplayModule
https://github.com/ronbentley1/eazy-switch-library.git|Contributed|ez_switch_lib
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverNTP.git|Contributed|GyverNTP
https://github.com/Tost69/ConfigStorage.git|Contributed|ConfigStorage
https://github.com/edge-ml/edge-fel-lib.git|Contributed|Edge-fel
https://github.com/chrmlinux/ThreeD.git|Contributed|ThreeD
https://github.com/ronbentley1/eazy-Shift-Registers.git|Contributed|ez_SIPO8_lib
https://github.com/teamprof/arduino-eventethernet.git|Contributed|EventEthernet
https://github.com/dok-net/ad5243.git|Contributed|ad5243
https://github.com/dok-net/tca9544a.git|Contributed|tca9544a
https://github.com/duinolibs/Sbutton.git|Contributed|Sbutton
https://github.com/luni64/EncoderTool.git|Contributed|EncoderTool
https://github.com/chrmlinux/tinyTimeR.git|Contributed|tinyTimeR
https://github.com/dani007200964/Commander-API.git|Contributed|Commander-API
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/MultivariateNormal.git|Contributed|MultivariateNormal
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_URM07.git|Contributed|DFRobot_URM07
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_QMC5883.git|Contributed|DFRobot_QMC5883
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_TCS34725.git|Contributed|DFRobot_TCS34725
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_I2C_Multiplexer.git|Contributed|DFRobot_I2C_Multiplexer
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_Gesture_Touch.git|Contributed|DFRobot_Gesture_Touch
https://github.com/South-River/BMI085-arduino.git|Contributed|High Performance IMU BMI085
https://github.com/shraiwi/mini-qoi.git|Contributed|Mini QOI
https://github.com/bblanchon/ArduinoContinuousStepper.git|Contributed|ContinuousStepper
https://github.com/Mosiwi/Mosiwi-basic-learning-kit.git|Contributed|Mosiwi_Basic_Learning_Kit
https://github.com/nusabot-iot/dashboard-arduino.git|Contributed|Dashboard IoT
https://github.com/UnexpectedMaker/esp32s3-arduino-helper.git|Contributed|UMS3 Helper
https://github.com/bsch2734/SpiShiftRegisterChain.git|Contributed|SPIShiftRegister
https://github.com/khoih-prog/FTP_Server_Teensy41.git|Contributed|FTP_Server_Teensy41
https://github.com/vChavezB/lwip-Arduino.git|Contributed|lwIP
https://github.com/SkyIsTheLimit/arduino-array-utils.git|Contributed|ArrayUtils
https://github.com/connornishijima/Pixie_Chroma_Lite.git|Contributed|PixieChromaLite
https://github.com/Francis-Magallanes/CircularQueue.git|Contributed|CircularQueue
https://github.com/dmadison/Sim-Racing-Arduino.git|Contributed|Sim Racing Library
https://github.com/alranel/BLESensorGateway.git|Contributed|BLESensorGateway
https://github.com/Infineon/motor-system-ic-tle956x.git|Contributed|motor system IC TLE956x
https://github.com/iddi/oocsi-esp.git|Contributed|OOCSI
https://github.com/Dlloydev/Toggle.git|Contributed|Toggle
https://github.com/MaximeLBG/CV7OEMFR.git|Contributed|CV7OEMFR
https://github.com/Wolodia-M/btnapi-library.git|Contributed|btnapi
https://github.com/Wolodia-M/flagsapi-library.git|Contributed|flagsapi
https://github.com/MdelgadoL83/TapatioElectronics.git|Contributed|TapatioElectronics
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_CH423.git|Contributed|DFRobot_CH423
https://github.com/siktec-lab/SIKTEC-MDSwitch.git|Contributed|SIKTEC_MDSwitch
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_OLED12864.git|Contributed|DFRobot_OLED12864
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_Heartrate.git|Contributed|DFRobot_Heartrate
https://github.com/siktec-lab/SIKTEC-SPI.git|Contributed|SIKTEC_SPI
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-ResistorReader.git|Contributed|ResistorReader_asukiaaa
https://github.com/siktec-lab/SIKTEC-SRAM.git|Contributed|SIKTEC_SRAM
https://github.com/LennartHennigs/SimpleFSM.git|Contributed|SimpleFSM
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-Gauge.git|Contributed|Gauge_asukiaaa
https://github.com/chrmlinux/extendFor.git|Contributed|extendFor
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DHTINT.git|Contributed|DHTINT
https://github.com/dani007200964/Shellminator.git|Contributed|Shellminator
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/NFuncs.git|Contributed|NFuncs
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/NRotary.git|Contributed|NRotary
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/NPush.git|Contributed|NPush
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/NColor.git|Contributed|NColor
https://github.com/janscience/ESensors.git|Contributed|ESensors
https://github.com/tobozo/ESP32-USB-Soft-Host.git|Contributed|ESP32-USB-Soft-Host
https://github.com/tobozo/LGFXMeter.git|Contributed|LGFXMeter
https://github.com/Goji2100/ESP32softPWM.git|Contributed|ESP32softPWM
https://github.com/ripred/ButtonGestures.git|Contributed|ButtonGestures
https://github.com/ripred/TomServo.git|Contributed|TomServo
https://github.com/khoih-prog/FTPClient_Generic.git|Contributed|FTPClient_Generic
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/NDefs.git|Contributed|NDefs
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ADIN1110_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ADIN1110 Arduino Library
https://github.com/ripred/CPUTemp.git|Contributed|CPUTemp
https://github.com/ripred/CPUVolt.git|Contributed|CPUVolt
https://github.com/Phambili-Tech/Newt_Display.git|Contributed|Newt_Display
https://github.com/DjamesSuhanko/EasyPCF8575.git|Contributed|EasyPCF8575
https://gitlab.com/escalator-home-automation/escalator-switch.git|Contributed|EscalatorSwitch
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12034-BMX160.git|Contributed|RAKwireless RAK12034
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12033-IIM42652.git|Contributed|RAKwireless RAK12033 Library
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/NTimer.git|Contributed|NTimer
https://github.com/lewisxhe/AXP202X_Library.git|Contributed|AXP202X_Library
https://github.com/levkovigor/ADF7023.git|Contributed|ADF7023
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFiManager_RTL8720.git|Contributed|WiFiManager_RTL8720
https://github.com/mechasolution/Mecha_VoiceRecognitionModule.git|Contributed|Mechasolution Voice Recognition Module
https://github.com/chrmlinux/linaGFX.git|Contributed|linaGFX
https://github.com/todd-herbert/absolute-mouse.git|Contributed|AbsoluteMouse
https://github.com/richard26a/LED_Controls.git|Contributed|LED_Controls
https://github.com/monolithicpower/MagVector-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|MagVector 3D Magnetic Sensor
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_OSD.git|Contributed|DFRobot_OSD
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_EC10.git|Contributed|DFRobot_EC10
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_LSM303.git|Contributed|DFRobot_LSM303
https://github.com/koendv/RTTStream.git|Contributed|RTT Stream
https://github.com/MSZ98/pcf8574.git|Contributed|pcf8574
https://github.com/bolderflight/ms4525do.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems MS4525
https://github.com/HakkanR/DMD2TUR.git|Contributed|DMD2TUR
https://github.com/bpescarolli/74XX595_lib.git|Contributed|74XX595
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SU03T.git|Contributed|DFRobot_SU03T
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_AD9837.git|Contributed|DFRobot_AD9837
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_ITG3200.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ITG3200
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_FreeTenIMU.git|Contributed|DFRobot_FreeTenIMU
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_ADXL345.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ADXL345
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_DigitalPot.git|Contributed|DFRobot_digitalPot
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MAX31855.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MAX31855
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MCP4725.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MCP4725
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_RGBMatrix.git|Contributed|DFRobot_RGBMatrix
https://github.com/mkogax/GG_for_Arduino.git|Contributed|GG
https://github.com/RobTillaart/RS485.git|Contributed|RS485
https://github.com/m5stack/M5BurnerNVS.git|Contributed|M5BurnerNVS
https://github.com/Wolodia-M/timersapi-library.git|Contributed|timersapi
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SIMON.git|Contributed|SIMON
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-ACSSR.git|Contributed|M5Unit-ACSSR
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-EXTIO2.git|Contributed|M5Unit-EXTIO2
https://github.com/levkovigor/FastInterruptEncoder.git|Contributed|FastInterruptEncoder
https://github.com/PaddyCo/StackmatTimer.git|Contributed|StackmatTimer
https://gitlab.com/escalator-home-automation/daily-service.git|Contributed|DailyService
https://github.com/nfhktwrbq/LedMatrix8x8.git|Contributed|LedMatrix8X8
https://github.com/arbotics-llc/databot_ESP32.git|Contributed|databot2
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/NHC-SR04.git|Contributed|NHCSR04
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AS5600.git|Contributed|AS5600
https://github.com/EasyG0ing1/SimpleEncoder.git|Contributed|SimpleEncoder
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_ST7687S.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ST7687S
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MotorStepper.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MotorStepper
https://github.com/Energesis-Ingenieria/Energesis_Sensor.git|Contributed|Energesis_GenericSensor
https://github.com/Energesis-Ingenieria/Energesis_LM35.git|Contributed|Energesis LM35
https://github.com/vgroenhuis/PneumaticStepper.git|Contributed|PneumaticStepper
https://github.com/vshymanskyy/Preferences.git|Contributed|Preferences
https://github.com/AndresDuran53/zarus-network-controller.git|Contributed|IoTController
https://github.com/DuinoDNS/ddns-arduino-nightly-releases.git|Contributed|ddns-nightly
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BMP384_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BMP384 Arduino Library
https://github.com/alexbertis/Text2Matrix.git|Contributed|Text2Matrix
https://github.com/siktec-lab/SIKTEC-EPD.git|Contributed|SIKTEC_EPD
https://github.com/janscience/TeeRec.git|Contributed|TeeRec
https://github.com/jaggzh/mini-ppm-info.git|Contributed|mini-ppm-info
https://github.com/An7orAhmed/ADCButtons.git|Contributed|ADCButtons
https://github.com/dong-higenis/HS_CAN_485_ESP32.git|Contributed|HS_CAN_485_ESP32
https://github.com/juliusbaechle/MicroQt.git|Contributed|MicroQt
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-4Relay.git|Contributed|M5Module-4Relay
https://github.com/jpconstantineau/BlueMicro_Engine_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|bluemicro_engine
https://github.com/pangodream/ESP2SOTA.git|Contributed|ESP2SOTA
https://github.com/yellobyte/DacESP32.git|Contributed|DacESP32
https://github.com/DenysChuhlib/NTPtime.git|Contributed|NTPtime
https://github.com/wollewald/ADS1220_WE.git|Contributed|ADS1220_WE
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/NEvents.git|Contributed|NEvents
https://github.com/yoprogramo/QRcodeDisplay.git|Contributed|QRcodeDisplay
https://github.com/yoprogramo/QRcodeOled.git|Contributed|QRcodeOled
https://github.com/yoprogramo/QRcode_ST7789.git|Contributed|QRcode_ST7789
https://github.com/yoprogramo/QRcode_eSPI.git|Contributed|QRcode_eSPI
https://github.com/yoprogramo/QRcodeEink.git|Contributed|QRcodeEink
https://github.com/GyverLibs/CharDisplay.git|Contributed|CharDisplay
https://github.com/chrmlinux/TrapeZoid.git|Contributed|TrapeZoid
https://github.com/hardmax/LogToQueue.git|Contributed|LogToQueue
https://github.com/jpconstantineau/BlueMicro_nRF52_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|bluemicro_nrf52
https://github.com/ncmreynolds/wordwrap.git|Contributed|wordwrap
https://github.com/RobTillaart/UUID.git|Contributed|UUID
https://github.com/ojx/HTTPed.git|Contributed|HTTPed
https://github.com/Wh1teRabbitHU/LTR-329ALS-01.git|Contributed|LTR-329ALS-01
https://github.com/brownby/Komotion.git|Contributed|Komotion
https://github.com/galarb/PenYX.git|Contributed|PenYX
https://github.com/movetones/Gravitone_ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|Gravitone
https://github.com/awslabs/simpleiot-arduino.git|Contributed|SimpleIOT
https://github.com/LeeLeahy2/SdCardServer.git|Contributed|SdCardServer
https://github.com/sekigon-gonnoc/Pico-PIO-USB.git|Contributed|Pico PIO USB
https://github.com/ConnorKirkpatrick/E220Lib.git|Contributed|E220Lib
https://github.com/ElectroMagus/ESP32MX1508.git|Contributed|ESP32MX1508
https://github.com/chrmlinux/tinyCore.git|Contributed|tinyCore
https://github.com/goldfish4tech/Goldfish4Tech.git|Contributed|Goldfish4Tech
https://github.com/dai-eoh/ledrgb565.git|Contributed|LedRGB565
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-5x7-led-matris-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap 5x7 LED Matris
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-oled-ekran-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap OLED Ekran
https://github.com/Mirco04/Simple_HC-SR04_Control.git|Contributed|Simple_HC-SR04_Control
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-toprak-nemi-olcer-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Toprak Nemi Olcer
https://github.com/chan1sook/SensesInnoma.git|Contributed|SensesInnoma
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-yagmur-algilayici-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Yagmur Algilayici
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-role-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Role
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-kumanda-kolu-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Kumanda Kolu
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-hareket-algilama-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Hareket Algilama
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sfm3000.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SFM3000
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-6-eksen-ataletsel-olcum-birimi-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap 6 Eksen Alaletsel Olcum Birimi
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-cift-kanalli-cizgi-algilayici-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Cift Kanalli Cizgi Algilayici
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-duman-dedektoru-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Duman Dedektoru
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-cift-kanalli-motor-surucu-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Cift Kanalli Motor Surucu
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-dokunmatik-tus-takimi-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Dokunmatik Tus Takimi
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-9-eksen-ataletsel-olcum-birimi-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap 9-Eksen Ataletsel Olcum Birimi
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-basinc-olcer-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Basinc Olcer
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-derinlik-olcer-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Derinlik Olcer
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-sicaklik-nem-basinc-olcer-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Sicaklik Nem Basinc Olcer
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-mikrofon-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Mikrofon
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-mesafe-olcer-isik-algilayici-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Mesafe Olcer Isik Algilayici
https://github.com/suratin27/ESP32_Control_Lite.git|Contributed|ESP32 Control lite
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-sicaklik-nem-olcer-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Sicaklik Nem Olcer
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-hareket-isik-renk-algilayici-mesafe-olcer-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Hareket Isik Renk Algilayici Mesafe Olcer
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-ultraviyole-isik-algilayici-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Ultraviyole Isik Algilayici
https://github.com/stm32duino/MotionFX.git|Contributed|STM32duino MotionFX
https://github.com/ethanhjennings/MQTTSerialPrinter.git|Contributed|MQTT and Serial Printer
https://github.com/hardmax/ADS1232.git|Contributed|ADS1232
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-kizilotesi-alici-verici-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Kizilotesi Alici Verici
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-gercek-zamanli-saat-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Gercek Zamanli Saat
https://github.com/robotman2412/pax-graphics.git|Contributed|PAX Graphics
https://github.com/matthieuvigne/STS_servos.git|Contributed|STS_Servos
https://github.com/TheNitek/NDEF.git|Contributed|NDEF_MFRC522
https://github.com/lpaseen/ht16k33.git|Contributed|simple ht16k33 library
https://github.com/TheNitek/CatGFX.git|Contributed|Cat GFX Thermal Printer Library
https://github.com/sbouhoun/smoother.git|Contributed|smooth
https://github.com/electricui/electricui-embedded.git|Contributed|electricui-embedded
https://github.com/bolderflight/ainstein-usd1.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Ainstein USD1
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Family.git|Contributed|M5Family
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-ENV.git|Contributed|M5Unit-ENV
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-KMeter.git|Contributed|M5Unit-KMeter
https://github.com/stm32duino/LPS22DF.git|Contributed|STM32duino LPS22DF
https://github.com/ggerganov/ggwave-arduino.git|Contributed|ggwave
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-MQTT.git|Contributed|M5Unit-MQTT
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-DLight.git|Contributed|M5-DLight
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Core-Ink.git|Contributed|M5Core-Ink
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-DDS.git|Contributed|M5Unit-DDS
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-PoESP32.git|Contributed|M5Unit-PoESP32
https://github.com/sstaub/SSD1803A_I2C.git|Contributed|SSD1803A_I2C
https://github.com/KravitzLab/MicrocontrollersForNeuroscience.git|Contributed|OpenBehavior
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DRV8825.git|Contributed|DRV8825
https://github.com/Megunolink/FileManager.git|Contributed|MegunoLink File Manager
https://github.com/ftjuh/I2Cwrapper.git|Contributed|I2Cwrapper
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MMC56x3.git|Contributed|Adafruit MMC56x3
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_PCF8574.git|Contributed|Adafruit PCF8574
https://github.com/blues/notecard-aux-wifi.git|Contributed|Blues Wireless Notecard Auxiliary Wi-Fi
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-ADS1115.git|Contributed|M5-ADS1115
https://github.com/WinsonAPP/WinsonLibrary.git|Contributed|WinsonLib
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-Encoder.git|Contributed|M5Unit-Encoder
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-ADS1100.git|Contributed|M5-ADS1100
https://github.com/microchip-pic-avr-solutions/veml3328_arduino_driver.git|Contributed|AVR-IoT VEML3328
https://github.com/microchip-pic-avr-solutions/mcp9808_arduino_driver.git|Contributed|AVR-IoT MCP9808
https://github.com/AI5GW/CCIR476.git|Contributed|CCIR476
https://github.com/microchip-pic-avr-solutions/avr-iot-cellular-arduino-library.git|Contributed|AVR-IoT-Cellular
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Hat-8Servos.git|Contributed|M5Hat-8Servos
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-RoverC.git|Contributed|M5-RoverC
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Universal_Auto-Detect.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Universal Auto-Detect
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SparseMatrix.git|Contributed|SparseMatrix
https://github.com/jbtronics/ESP32Console.git|Contributed|ESP32Console
https://github.com/PontusO/EspATMQTT.git|Contributed|EspATMQTT
https://github.com/AI5GW/Baudot-Encode-Decode.git|Contributed|BaudotCode
https://github.com/chrmlinux/rssRead.git|Contributed|rssRead
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BMP581_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BMP581 Arduino Library
https://github.com/GyverLibs/VirtualButton.git|Contributed|VirtualButton
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-RTC.git|Contributed|M5Unit-RTC
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Threads.git|Arduino|Arduino_Threads
https://github.com/anwarminarso/ESPWiFiMqttWrapper.git|Contributed|ESPWiFiMqttWrapper
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SparseArray.git|Contributed|SparseArray
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-gps-glonass-konum-belirleyici-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap GPS ve GLONASS Konum Belirleyici
https://github.com/drmpf/pfodParser.git|Contributed|pfodParser
https://github.com/pchwalek/AirCommanderEntireControl.git|Contributed|Air Commander Entire Control
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-scd30.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SCD30
https://github.com/GyverLibs/SunPosition.git|Contributed|SunPosition
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-Sonic.git|Contributed|M5Unit-Sonic
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-UHF-RFID.git|Contributed|M5Unit-UHF-RFID
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-FPC1020A.git|Contributed|M5-FPC1020A
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-4RELAY.git|Contributed|M5Unit-4RELAY
https://github.com/Dennis-van-Gils/MIKROE_4_20mA_RT_Click.git|Contributed|MIKROE_4_20mA_RT_Click
https://github.com/ArtronShop/easyConfig.git|Contributed|easyConfig
https://github.com/nicogou/IoT-Surf-Checker.git|Contributed|surf-checker
https://github.com/alessandromrc/Custom_PortentaBreakout.git|Contributed|custom_PortentaBreakout
https://github.com/avinabmalla/ESP32_BleSerial.git|Contributed|ESP32_BleSerial
https://github.com/drmpf/ESPAutoWiFiConfig.git|Contributed|ESPAutoWiFiConfig
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ellipse.git|Contributed|ellipse
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM6DSV16X.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM6DSV16X
https://github.com/stm32duino/LIS2DU12.git|Contributed|STM32duino LIS2DU12
https://github.com/Andy4495/AY3891x.git|Contributed|AY3891x
https://github.com/lucas-inacio/DS1624.git|Contributed|DS1624_Library
https://github.com/MYBOTIC/DurianBlynkESP8266.git|Contributed|Mybotic Durian Blynk ESP8266
https://github.com/Justin-Pl/PCA9698.git|Contributed|PCA9698
https://github.com/feanor-anglin/PCF8575-lib.git|Contributed|PCF8575-lib
https://github.com/GoWired/GoWired-lib.git|Contributed|GoWired-lib
https://github.com/lu1aat/hellschreiberlib.git|Contributed|hellschreiberlib
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-CatM.git|Contributed|M5Unit-CatM
https://github.com/Solo-FL/SOLO-motor-controllers-ARDUINO-library.git|Contributed|SOLOMotorControllers
https://github.com/m1cr0lab-espboy/ESPboy.git|Contributed|ESPboy
https://github.com/timhendriks93/blender-servo-animation-arduino.git|Contributed|BlenderServoAnimation
https://github.com/gism/ESP32_AD7190.git|Contributed|AD7190forESP32
https://github.com/cygig/MCUVoltage.git|Contributed|MCUVoltage
https://github.com/mcci-catena/mcci_ltr_329als.git|Contributed|MCCI LTR-329ALS
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD5245.git|Contributed|AD5245
https://github.com/affanhanifathtarech/DS3231_RTC.git|Contributed|DS3231_RTC
https://github.com/naszly/Arduino-StaticSerialCommands.git|Contributed|StaticSerialCommands
https://github.com/lewisxhe/XPowersLib.git|Contributed|XPowersLib
https://github.com/dominicklee/TrueProx.git|Contributed|TrueProx
https://github.com/strid3r21/BeeS3-Arduino-Helper.git|Contributed|BeeS3
https://github.com/strid3r21/BeeMotionS3-Arduino-Helper.git|Contributed|BeeMotionS3
https://github.com/adnan-elabdullah/KmeStepper.git|Contributed|KmeStepper
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Station.git|Contributed|M5Station
https://github.com/Bodmer/TFT_eWidget.git|Contributed|TFT_eWidget
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-hoparlor-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Hoparlor
https://github.com/jfjlaros/textparser.git|Contributed|textparser
https://github.com/A223D/detaBaseArduinoESP32.git|Contributed|detaBaseArduinoESP32
https://github.com/A223D/Adafruit_4_01_ColourEPaper.git|Contributed|Adafruit_4_01_ColourEPaper
https://github.com/MSZ98/CallMyFunction.git|Contributed|CallMyFunction
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_6DoF_ISM330DHCX_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun 6DoF ISM330DHCX
https://github.com/MSZ98/serial-readline.git|Contributed|serial-readline
https://github.com/ponoor/PI4IOE5V6416.git|Contributed|PI4IOE5V6416
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_LIDAR07.git|Contributed|DFRobot_LIDAR07
https://github.com/Gjorgjevikj/SmoothProgress.git|Contributed|SmoothProgress
https://github.com/matthieuvigne/RMDX-Arduino.git|Contributed|RMDX
https://github.com/DanForever/DF-Print.git|Contributed|DF-Print
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncTCP_RP2040W.git|Contributed|AsyncTCP_RP2040W
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_RP2040W.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_RP2040W
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncHTTPRequest_RP2040W.git|Contributed|AsyncHTTPRequest_RP2040W
https://github.com/fatlab101/FixedString.git|Contributed|FixedString
https://github.com/yuki-miyakoshi/youkey_stepper.git|Contributed|youkey_stepper
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_RP2040W.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_RP2040W
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncDNSServer_RP2040W.git|Contributed|AsyncDNSServer_RP2040W
https://github.com/HerrNamenlos123/JTAG_Interface.git|Contributed|JTAG_Interface
https://github.com/diodeiot/DiodeIoT_SI-1104.git|Contributed|DiodeIoT_SI-1104
https://github.com/diodeiot/DiodeIoT_SI-1108.git|Contributed|DiodeIoT_SI-1108
https://github.com/diodeiot/DiodeIoT_SI-1116.git|Contributed|DiodeIoT_SI-1116
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-RELAY.git|Contributed|M5Unit-RELAY
https://github.com/SpulberGeorge/EasyUltrasonic.git|Contributed|EasyUltrasonic
https://github.com/dantudose/LTR308.git|Contributed|LTR308 library
https://github.com/E-Lagori/ELi_McM_4_00.git|Contributed|ELi_McM_4_00
https://github.com/berrak/MyMacros.git|Contributed|MyMacros
https://github.com/ferrerosteve/WiFiManagerDesign.git|Contributed|WiFiManagerDesign
https://github.com/XbergCode/DigitSeparator.git|Contributed|DigitSeparator
https://github.com/E-Lagori/ELi_MdM_4_00.git|Contributed|ELi_MdM_4_00
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-LoRaWAN.git|Contributed|M5-LoRaWAN
https://github.com/shurillu/Cdrv8833.git|Contributed|Cdrv8833
https://github.com/Andy4495/SWI2C.git|Contributed|SWI2C
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFiManager_RP2040W_Lite.git|Contributed|WiFiManager_RP2040W_Lite
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MAX1704X.git|Contributed|Adafruit MAX1704X
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFiManager_RP2040W.git|Contributed|WiFiManager_RP2040W
https://github.com/natnqweb/EventSystem.git|Contributed|EventSystem
https://github.com/DIYODEmag/DIYsplay.git|Contributed|DIYsplay
https://github.com/Tinyu-Zhao/INA3221.git|Contributed|INA3221
https://github.com/BoschSensortec/Bosch-BME68x-Library.git|Contributed|BME68x Sensor library
https://github.com/thomasfredericks/MicroOsc.git|Contributed|MicroOsc
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ATmega_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|ATmega_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ATmega_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|ATmega_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Dx_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|Dx_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/Vulintus/ATWINC3400_Driver_Arduino.git|Contributed|Vulintus_ATWINC3400
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Dx_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|Dx_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/TheSpaceDragon/rdv-gy512.git|Contributed|RDV GY-512 Library
https://github.com/NewhavenDisplay/NHD-Character-LCD-Library.git|Contributed|NHD_Character_LCD
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ATtiny_TimerInterrupt.git|Contributed|ATtiny_TimerInterrupt
https://github.com/gspsp/Series.git|Contributed|Series
https://github.com/berrak/LedTask.git|Contributed|LedTask
https://github.com/asjdf/WebSerialLite.git|Contributed|WebSerialLite
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LTR329_LTR303.git|Contributed|Adafruit LTR329 and LTR303
https://github.com/lucas-inacio/TinyLiquidCrystal_I2C.git|Contributed|TinyLiquidCrystal_I2C
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ATtiny_Slow_PWM.git|Contributed|ATtiny_Slow_PWM
https://github.com/4dsystems/Pixxi-Serial-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Pixxi-Serial-Arduino-Library
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-APDS-9950.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-APDS-9950
https://github.com/RobTillaart/I2C_SCANNER.git|Contributed|I2C_SCANNER
https://github.com/Mm1KEE/SimpleFilter.git|Contributed|SimpleFilter
https://github.com/Dennis-van-Gils/DvG_StreamCommand.git|Contributed|DvG_StreamCommand
https://github.com/alexandrefelipemuller/PulseAnyPin.git|Contributed|pulseAny
https://github.com/sam-peach/Adafruit_SSD1306_EMULATOR.git|Contributed|Adafruit SSD1306 EMULATOR
https://github.com/riraosan/ESP32MSGraph.git|Contributed|ESP32 Microsoft Graph
https://github.com/libnapc/libnapc-arduino-releases.git|Contributed|libnapc
https://github.com/InvenSenseInc/arduino.ICM42670P.git|Contributed|ICM42670P
https://github.com/ArminJo/digitalWriteFast.git|Contributed|digitalWriteFast
https://github.com/matthias-bs/BresserWeatherSensorReceiver.git|Contributed|BresserWeatherSensorReceiver
https://github.com/ogneyar/RussianText_u8g.git|Contributed|RussianText_u8g
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ST25DV64KC_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ST25DV64KC Arduino Library
https://github.com/minhaj6/DigiPotX9Cxxx.git|Contributed|DigiPotX9Cxxx
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAKwireless-Audio-library.git|Contributed|RAKwireless-Audio-library
https://github.com/nusabot-iot/NusabotSimpleTimer.git|Contributed|Nusabot Simple Timer
https://github.com/adnan-elabdullah/IOTKME.git|Contributed|IOTKME
https://github.com/CalvinBultz/LightningStepper.git|Contributed|LightningStepper
https://github.com/luni64/CallbackHelper.git|Contributed|CallbackHelper
https://github.com/dnzayan/ESP32_Pinoo.git|Contributed|ESP32_Pinoo
https://github.com/ndomx/MCP23017-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|MCP23017 Port Expander
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_NXP_MPXA4250A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC NXP MPXA4250A 00000057
https://github.com/koendv/CheckDS18B20.git|Contributed|CheckDS18B20
https://github.com/luni64/IntervalTimerEx.git|Contributed|IntervalTimerEx
https://github.com/dev-board-tech/arduFPGA-app-common-arduino.git|Contributed|arduFPGA-app-common-arduino
https://github.com/RobTillaart/INA219.git|Contributed|INA219
https://github.com/mentalfl0w/DLLN3X_zigbee_mesh_module_library.git|Contributed|DLLN3X ZigBee Mesh Module Library
https://github.com/berrak/Mock.git|Contributed|Mock
https://github.com/luni64/AttachInterruptEx.git|Contributed|AttachInterruptEx
https://github.com/Rad-hi/MacroDebugger.git|Contributed|MacroDebugger
https://github.com/MaximIntegrated/AnalogRTCLibrary.git|Contributed|AnalogRTCLib
https://github.com/ArtronShop/IOXESP32Motor.git|Contributed|IOXESP32Motor
https://gitlab.com/ug-cp/fast_samd21_tc.git|Contributed|fast_samd21_tc
https://github.com/mdkendall/ThingpingsLib.git|Contributed|Thingpings
https://github.com/PribaNosati/mrm-lid-d.git|Contributed|mrm-lid-d
https://github.com/eringee/BioData.git|Contributed|BioData
https://github.com/SmartElecRu/ArduinoIDE_SE_Button.git|Contributed|SE_Button
https://github.com/Scottapotamas/xsens-mti.git|Contributed|xsens_mti
https://github.com/khoih-prog/React_Generic.git|Contributed|React_Generic
https://github.com/abel6jose/Trial.git|Contributed|libTrial
https://github.com/chibiegg/esp-echonet-lite.git|Contributed|esp-echonet-lite
https://github.com/boothinator/ProgmemAssert.git|Contributed|PROGMEMAssert
https://github.com/berrak/MockEEPROM.git|Contributed|MockEEPROM
https://github.com/An7orAhmed/MAX7219Segment.git|Contributed|MAX7219Segment
https://gitlab.com/ben-bartholomew/adafruit_max9744_library.git|Contributed|Adafruit MAX9744 Library
https://github.com/nkaaf/Arduino-Signature.git|Contributed|Signature
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MCP2515.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MCP2515
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_ABLIC_S-58LM20A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC ABLIC S-58LM20A 00000057
https://github.com/angrest/pocketBME280.git|Contributed|pocketBME280
https://github.com/luni64/staticFunctional.git|Contributed|staticFunctional
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Hat-JoyC.git|Contributed|M5Hat-JoyC
https://github.com/cjmccjmccjmc/ControlLoop.git|Contributed|ControlLoop
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/EloquentSurveillance.git|Contributed|EloquentSurveillance
https://github.com/alessandromrc/FastCore.git|Contributed|Fastcore
https://github.com/AI5GW/Goertzel.git|Contributed|Goertzel
https://github.com/MR-XieXuan/URLCode_for_Arduino.git|Contributed|URLCode
https://github.com/MR-XieXuan/RX8025_for_Arduino.git|Contributed|RX8025
https://github.com/divinofire/DatabaseOnSD.git|Contributed|DatabaseOnSD
https://github.com/MrYsLab/Telemetrix4RpiPicoW.git|Contributed|Telemetrix4RPiPicoW
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/ESP32PsramLock.git|Contributed|ESP32PsramLock
https://github.com/RaphaelStorch/Library-for-LTS01A---MAX31725.git|Contributed|LTS01A_MAX31725
https://github.com/chrmlinux/tinyDC.git|Contributed|tynyDC
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TCA8418.git|Contributed|Adafruit TCA8418
https://github.com/serenewaffles/OctoPrinter.git|Contributed|OctoPrinter
https://github.com/1337encrypted/BTS7960_Motordriver.git|Contributed|BTS7960_Motordriver
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MAX98357A.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MAX98357A
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SCD4X.git|Contributed|DFRobot_SCD4X
https://github.com/siara-cc/marisa-esp32.git|Contributed|Marisa ESP32 Wrapper
https://github.com/serenewaffles/Dorpac-timer.git|Contributed|Dorpac-timer
https://github.com/trevorwslee/Arduino-DumbDisplay.git|Contributed|DumbDisplay
https://github.com/muwerk/mupplet-sensor.git|Contributed|mupplet-sensor
https://github.com/teemune/TE_SM9000_library.git|Contributed|TE SM9000-series
https://github.com/ML-VPN/OtD_Library.git|Contributed|OtD Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_OWire_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun OWire Arduino Library
https://github.com/chrmlinux/easyLiDAR.git|Contributed|easyLiDAR
https://github.com/pikido-edutainment/CleanRTOS.git|Contributed|CleanRTOS
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_RGBButton.git|Contributed|DFRobot_RGBButton
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_BME280.git|Contributed|DFRobot_BME280
https://github.com/St3p40/EMFButton.git|Contributed|EMFButton
https://github.com/alessandromrc/JOAAT.git|Contributed|JOAAT
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-2Relay-13.2.git|Contributed|MODULE_2RELAY
https://github.com/RobTillaart/I2CKeyPad8x8.git|Contributed|I2CKeyPad8x8
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_TPA2016D2_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun TPA2016D2 Arduino Library
https://github.com/ifpa-pgm/reciclabot.git|Contributed|ReciclaBot
https://github.com/feilipu/ReGIS.git|Contributed|ReGIS
https://github.com/galarb/gyroturn.git|Contributed|gyroturn
https://github.com/galarb/clicli.git|Contributed|clicli
https://github.com/natnqweb/EventOS.git|Contributed|EventOS
https://github.com/jandelgado/jled-pca9685-hal.git|Contributed|JLedPCA9685-HAL
https://github.com/joeycastillo/OSO_Arduino_LCD.git|Contributed|Oddly Specific Objects LCD FeatherWing Library
https://github.com/eoh-jsc/era-lib.git|Contributed|ERa
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12039-PMSA003I.git|Contributed|RAK12039_PM_Sensor
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK13006-MCP2518.git|Contributed|RAK13006-MCP2518 library
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK13010-SDI12.git|Contributed|RAKwireless_SDI-12
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK13801_UWB.git|Contributed|RAK13801_UWB
https://github.com/feilipu/Gadget_Shield.git|Contributed|Gadget_Shield
https://github.com/dirkhillbrecht/UiUiUi.git|Contributed|UiUiUi
https://github.com/plsTrustMeImAnEngineer/StreamAverage.git|Contributed|StreamAverage
https://github.com/0x6flab/satima-arduinolibrary.git|Contributed|DRV8870
https://github.com/semcneil/ADS7142_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Anitracks_ADS7142
https://github.com/Call-for-Code/ClusterDuck-Protocol.git|Contributed|ClusterDuck Protocol
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_ABLIC_S-8110C_8120C_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_ABLIC_S-8110C_8120C_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_ABLIC_S-5813A_5814A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_ABLIC_S-5813A_5814A_00000057
https://github.com/chuanstudyup/EasyGNSS.git|Contributed|EasyGNSS
https://github.com/hzkincony/kc868-arduino-library.git|Contributed|kc868-arduino-library
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_ADI_AD22100A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_ADI_AD22100A_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_ADI_AD22100K_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_ADI_AD22100K_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_ADI_AD22100S_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_ADI_AD22100S_00000057
https://github.com/RobTillaart/CHT8305.git|Contributed|CHT8305
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_BMI270_BMM150.git|Arduino|Arduino_BMI270_BMM150
https://github.com/cwi-dis/iotsa.git|Contributed|iotsa
https://github.com/ALICHOUCHENE/MemoryDumper.git|Contributed|MemoryDumper
https://github.com/pololu/drv8434s-arduino.git|Contributed|DRV8434S
https://github.com/Protocentral/protocentral_max30001_arduino_library.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral MAX30001
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-Thermal2.git|Contributed|M5Unit-Thermal2
https://github.com/sstaub/sACN.git|Contributed|sACN
https://github.com/sstaub/eOS.git|Contributed|eOS
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_MAXIM_MAX6613MXK_MAX6613MXKV_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_MAXIM_MAX6613MXK_MAX6613MXKV_00000057
https://github.com/BalmIot/BalmIot.git|Contributed|BalmIot
https://github.com/alexCajas/WrapperFreeRTOS.git|Contributed|WrapperFreeRTOS
https://github.com/alexCajas/EmbeddedMqttBroker.git|Contributed|EmbeddedMqttBroker
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_MAXIM_MAX6605MXK_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_MAXIM_MAX6605MXK_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_MAXIM_MAX6605MXKV_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_MAXIM_MAX6605MXKV_00000057
https://github.com/Nilon123456789/Receiver.git|Contributed|RC Receiver
https://github.com/gvandersel/SXAccessoire.git|Contributed|SXAccessoire
https://github.com/makerlabvn/Makerlabvn_I2C_Motor_Driver.git|Contributed|Makerlabvn_I2C_Motor_Driver
https://github.com/ncmreynolds/ld2410.git|Contributed|ld2410
https://github.com/tobozo/ESP32-ENC28J60.git|Contributed|ESP32-ENC28J60
https://github.com/tobozo/YAMLDuino.git|Contributed|YAMLDuino
https://github.com/jsware/able-buttons.git|Contributed|AbleButtons
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PERIPUMP.git|Contributed|PERIPUMP
https://github.com/PrivateHomeIoT/SecureMQTT.git|Contributed|SecureMQTT
https://github.com/PBernalPolo/HX710.git|Contributed|HX710
https://github.com/Anrijs/Aranet4-ESP32.git|Contributed|Aranet4
https://github.com/dennis-ard/ArduCAM.git|Contributed|ArduCAM
https://github.com/ArduCAM/Arducam_Mega.git|Contributed|Arducam_Mega
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_ADI_AD22103K_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_ADI_AD22103K_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_MAXIM_MAX6607IXK_MAX6608IUK_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_MAXIM_MAX6607IXK_MAX6608IUK_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_MICROCHIP_MCP9700_MCP9700A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_MICROCHIP_MCP9700_MCP9700A_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_MICROCHIP_MCP9701_MCP9701A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_MICROCHIP_MCP9701_MCP9701A_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_MICROCHIP_TC1046_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_MICROCHIP_TC1046_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_MICROCHIP_TC1047_TC1047A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_MICROCHIP_TC1047_TC1047A_00000057
https://github.com/Travancore-Analytics/iot-suite.git|Contributed|IoT Suite
https://github.com/RobTillaart/moduloMap.git|Contributed|moduloMap
https://github.com/Mm1KEE/SmoothTouch.git|Contributed|SmoothTouch
https://github.com/PTSolns/PTSolns_InterfaceShield.git|Contributed|PTSolns_InterfaceShield
https://github.com/pacav69/NGFlasherLED.git|Contributed|NGLedFlasher Library
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_NXP_MPX5999D_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_NXP_MPX5999D_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_NXP_MPXH6115A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_NXP_MPXH6115A_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_NXP_MPXH6400A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_NXP_MPXH6400A_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_NXP_MPXHZ6250A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_NXP_MPXHZ6250A_00000057
https://github.com/STONElibrary/arduino_lib.git|Contributed|Stone_serial
https://github.com/Jeroen88/EasyOpenTherm.git|Contributed|EasyOpenTherm
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12027-D7S.git|Contributed|RAK12027-D7S
https://github.com/marcinsaj/RTC_RX8025T.git|Contributed|RTC_RX8025T
https://github.com/liuyinze/CumulocityHttpUpstream.git|Contributed|Cumulocity IoT Upstreaming
https://github.com/liuyinze/CumulocityHttpDownstream.git|Contributed|Cumulocity IoT Downstream
https://github.com/upbeatlabs/UpbeatLabs_MCP39F521.git|Contributed|UpbeatLabs MCP39F521
https://github.com/gpoolb/ads1148.git|Contributed|ADS1148
https://github.com/dirkx/Arduino-Base32-Decode.git|Contributed|Base32-Decode
https://github.com/dirkx/Arduino-TOTP-RFC6238-generator.git|Contributed|TOTP-RC6236-generator
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AVR_PWM.git|Contributed|AVR_PWM
https://github.com/nwb99/MCP4151.git|Contributed|MCP4151
https://github.com/Ninagawa123/Meridian.git|Contributed|Meridian
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_ROHM_BD1020HFV_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_ROHM_BD1020HFV_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_STM_STLM20DD9F_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_STM_STLM20DD9F_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_STM_STLM20W87F_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_STM_STLM20W87F_00000057
https://github.com/khoih-prog/megaAVR_PWM.git|Contributed|megaAVR_PWM
https://github.com/ArminJo/LCDBigNumbers.git|Contributed|LCDBigNumbers
https://github.com/botletics/Botletics-SIM7000.git|Contributed|BotleticsSIM7000
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_FastPWM.git|Contributed|ESP32_FastPWM
https://github.com/vindar/ILI9341_T4.git|Contributed|ILI9341_T4
https://github.com/joeqread/arduino-duktape.git|Contributed|JavaScript
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_TDK_CHS-MSS_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_TDK_CHS_MSS_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_TDK_CHS-UPS_UPR_UGS_UGR_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_TDK_CHS-UPS_UPR_UGS_UGR_00000057
https://github.com/PeaPodTechnologies/I2CIP.git|Contributed|I2CIP
https://github.com/khoih-prog/SAMD_PWM.git|Contributed|SAMD_PWM
https://github.com/mcmchris/mcm-grove-voltage-sensor.git|Contributed|MCMVoltSense
https://github.com/khoih-prog/SAMDUE_PWM.git|Contributed|SAMDUE_PWM
https://github.com/RobTillaart/FastShiftInOut.git|Contributed|FastShiftInOut
https://github.com/khoih-prog/nRF52_PWM.git|Contributed|nRF52_PWM
https://github.com/dvarrel/TM1638.git|Contributed|TM1638
https://gitlab.com/UJUR007/mpu6050_ind.git|Contributed|MPU6050_IND
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Teensy_PWM.git|Contributed|Teensy_PWM
https://github.com/lefmarna/NintendoSwitchControlLibrary.git|Contributed|NintendoSwitchControlLibrary
https://github.com/rohirto/ultimate_esp_mqtt_ubidots.git|Contributed|Ultimate_ESP_MQTT_Ubidots
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_TI_TMP9A00_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_TI_TMP9A00_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_TI_LM50C_LM50-Q1_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_TI_LM50C_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_TI_LM50B_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_TI_LM50B_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_TI_LM45B_LM45C_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_TI_LM45B_LM45C_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_TI_LM35D_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_TI_LM35D_00000057
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_TI_LM35C_LM35CA_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_TI_LM35C_LM35CA_00000057
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ATtiny_PWM.git|Contributed|ATtiny_PWM
https://github.com/RLL-Blue-Dragon/OSS-EC_TI_LM35_LM35A_00000057.git|Contributed|OSS-EC_TI_LM35_LM35A_00000057
https://github.com/smt5541/magstripelib-esp32.git|Contributed|MagStripe_ESP32
https://github.com/teruyamato0731/Chassis.git|Contributed|Chassis
https://github.com/dvarrel/DHT22.git|Contributed|DHT22
https://github.com/HakkanR/SSD1306TUR.git|Contributed|SSD1306TUR
https://github.com/khoih-prog/Dx_PWM.git|Contributed|Dx_PWM
https://github.com/YoupiLab/YoupiLabEsp32.git|Contributed|YoupiLabEsp32
https://github.com/YoupiLab/YLEsp8266.git|Contributed|YLEsp8266
https://github.com/YoupiLab/YLSim800Lib.git|Contributed|SIM800_YL
https://gitlab.com/atesin/minimallinkedlist_arduino.git|Contributed|MinimalLinkedList
https://github.com/shah253kt/SimpleStack.git|Contributed|SimpleStack
https://github.com/Adish0016/dht11esp8266new.git|Contributed|dht11esp8266
https://github.com/Adish0016/dht11esp8266examples.git|Contributed|dht11esp8266examples
https://github.com/Adish0016/servodht11.git|Contributed|servodht11
https://github.com/Adish0016/DHT118266.git|Contributed|DHT118266
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/EloquentEsp32cam.git|Contributed|EloquentEsp32cam
https://github.com/Nilon123456789/Firmetix-Library.git|Contributed|Firmetix
https://github.com/Adish0016/esp826611.git|Contributed|esp826611
https://github.com/tobozo/WiFiManagerTz.git|Contributed|WiFiManagerTz
https://github.com/npuckett/arduinoAnimation.git|Contributed|Animation Tools
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MAX31850.git|Contributed|MAX31850
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Indoor_Air_Quality_Sensor-ENS160_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Indoor Air Quality Sensor - ENS160
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WiFi101_Generic.git|Contributed|WiFi101_Generic
https://github.com/zivoy/AdaptiveMapping.git|Contributed|AdaptiveMapping
https://github.com/zimbora/esp32-BG95.git|Contributed|esp32-BG95
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-XboxSeriesXHIDReportBuilder.git|Contributed|XboxSeriesXHIDReportBuilder_asukiaaa
https://github.com/hafidhh/Callmebot-ESP8266.git|Contributed|Callmebot ESP8266
https://github.com/608/CH55xSwitchControl.git|Contributed|CH55xSwitchControl
https://github.com/ultimaterobotics/uMyo_BLE.git|Contributed|uMyo_BLE
https://github.com/ultimaterobotics/uMyo_RF24.git|Contributed|uMyo_RF24
https://github.com/maxpromer/PCA9557-arduino.git|Contributed|PCA9557-arduino
https://github.com/matthias-bs/ATC_MiThermometer.git|Contributed|ATC_MiThermometer
https://github.com/chan1sook/SensesiotProtocolLib.git|Contributed|Sensesiot
https://github.com/XbergCode/Uptime.git|Contributed|Uptime
https://github.com/aliffathoni/ESPAutoWifi.git|Contributed|ESPAutoWifi
https://github.com/aliffathoni/ESP8266AutoWifi.git|Contributed|ESP8266AutoWifi
https://github.com/bjoernboeckle/HC_SR04.git|Contributed|HC_SR04
https://github.com/DoImant/Button_SL.git|Contributed|Button_SL
https://github.com/paperdink/PaperdInk-Library.git|Contributed|Paperdink
https://github.com/hafidhh/Callmebot-ESP32.git|Contributed|Callmebot ESP32
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TSL260R.git|Contributed|TSL260R
https://github.com/ESDeveloperBR/AnalogKeyboard.git|Contributed|AnalogKeyboard
https://github.com/ESDeveloperBR/ES32Lab.git|Contributed|ES32Lab
https://github.com/ESDeveloperBR/TimeInterval.git|Contributed|TimeInterval
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_ESP32_ENC.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_ESP32_ENC
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WebServer_ESP32_ENC.git|Contributed|WebServer_ESP32_ENC
https://github.com/alexmaurer-madis/statusled.git|Contributed|statusled
https://github.com/alexmaurer-madis/SC16IS7X0.git|Contributed|SC16IS7X0
https://github.com/alexmaurer-madis/eeprom_25AA02EXX.git|Contributed|eeprom_25AA02EXX
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUdp_ESP32_ENC.git|Contributed|AsyncUdp_ESP32_ENC
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncDNSServer_ESP32_ENC.git|Contributed|AsyncDNSServer_ESP32_ENC
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncDNSServer_WT32_ETH01.git|Contributed|AsyncDNSServer_WT32_ETH01
https://github.com/sh123/esp32_codec2_arduino.git|Contributed|esp32_codec2
https://github.com/Mathieu52/GPSP.git|Contributed|GPSP
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_SHT45.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_SHT45
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WebServer_ESP32_W5500.git|Contributed|WebServer_ESP32_W5500
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_ESP32_W5500.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_ESP32_W5500
https://github.com/hsaturn/TinyConsole.git|Contributed|TinyConsole
https://github.com/ESDeveloperBR/TFT_eSPI_ES32Lab.git|Contributed|TFT_eSPI_ES32Lab
https://github.com/bjoernboeckle/L293D.git|Contributed|L293D
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_ESP32_W5500.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_ESP32_W5500
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncDNSServer_ESP32_W5500.git|Contributed|AsyncDNSServer_ESP32_W5500
https://github.com/EFWob/ESPPubSubClientWrapper.git|Contributed|ESPPubSubClientWrapper
https://github.com/AIS-DeviceInnovation/Magellan.git|Contributed|MAGELLAN
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD56X8.git|Contributed|AD56X8
https://github.com/KravitzLabDevices/FORCE2.git|Contributed|FORCE2
https://github.com/remocons/boho-arduino.git|Contributed|Boho
https://github.com/RobTillaart/A1301.git|Contributed|A1301
https://github.com/NuclearPhoenixx/SimpleShell.git|Contributed|SimpleShell Enhanced
https://github.com/khoih-prog/HTTPS_Server_Generic.git|Contributed|HTTPS_Server_Generic
https://github.com/wicked-rainman/ESP32Dispatcher.git|Contributed|ESP32Dispatcher
https://github.com/RobTillaart/RAIN.git|Contributed|RAIN
https://github.com/joseguerra3000/AD74xx.git|Contributed|AD74xx
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MSP300.git|Contributed|MSP300
https://github.com/Excelsior-Robotics/Excelsior_Light.git|Contributed|Excelsior_Light
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AngleConvertor.git|Contributed|AngleConvertor
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BMA400_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BMA400 Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LPS28DFW_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LPS28DFW Arduino Library
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP32_W5500_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP32_W5500_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP32_ENC_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP32_ENC_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWT32_ETH01_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncWT32_ETH01_Manager
https://github.com/LiquidCGS/FastIMU.git|Contributed|FastIMU
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP8266_W5500_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP8266_W5500_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP8266_ENC_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP8266_ENC_Manager
https://github.com/gicking/LIN_master_portable_Arduino.git|Contributed|LIN master portable
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP8266_W5100_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP8266_W5100_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_W5500_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP32_W5500_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_ENC_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP32_ENC_Manager
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-ControllerAsI2c.git|Contributed|ControllerAsI2c_asukiaaa
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP8266_W5500_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP8266_W5500_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP8266_W5100_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP8266_W5100_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP8266_ENC_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP8266_ENC_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP32_Ethernet_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP32_Ethernet_Manager
https://github.com/shyd/Arduino-SerialCommand.git|Contributed|SerialCommand Advanced
https://github.com/dlyckelid/IOExpander-TLA2518.git|Contributed|TLA2518
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-motix-btn99x0.git|Contributed|motix-btn99x0
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_Ethernet_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP32_Ethernet_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP8266_Ethernet_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP8266_Ethernet_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP8266_Ethernet_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP8266_Ethernet_Manager
https://github.com/dvarrel/ESPping.git|Contributed|ESPping
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-Timer.git|Contributed|ReefwingTimer
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-Motorshield.git|Contributed|ReefwingMotorShield
https://github.com/neosarchizo/am1002-uart.git|Contributed|AM1002-UART
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WebServer_ESP32_SC_W5500.git|Contributed|WebServer_ESP32_SC_W5500
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-MSP.git|Contributed|ReefwingMSP
https://github.com/dvarrel/AsyncTCP.git|Contributed|AsyncTCP
https://github.com/dvarrel/ESPAsyncTCP.git|Contributed|ESPAsyncTCP
https://github.com/dvarrel/ESPAsyncWebSrv.git|Contributed|ESPAsyncWebSrv
https://github.com/ug-cp/precise_sntp.git|Contributed|precise_sntp
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WebServer_ESP32_SC_ENC.git|Contributed|WebServer_ESP32_SC_ENC
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PIR.git|Contributed|PIR
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-SBUS.git|Contributed|ReefwingSBUS
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP32_SC_W5500_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP32_SC_W5500_Manager
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-Filter.git|Contributed|ReefwingFilter
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-AHRS.git|Contributed|ReefwingAHRS
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP32_SC_ENC_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP32_SC_ENC_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP32_SC_Ethernet_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP32_SC_Ethernet_Manager
https://github.com/kimballa/button-debounce.git|Contributed|debounce
https://gitlab.com/hamishcunningham/unphonelibrary.git|Contributed|unPhoneLibrary
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_ESP32_SC_W5500.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_ESP32_SC_W5500
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_ESP32_SC_ENC.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_ESP32_SC_ENC
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_SC_W5500_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP32_SC_W5500_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_SC_ENC_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP32_SC_ENC_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_SC_Ethernet_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP32_SC_Ethernet_Manager
https://github.com/Protocentral/protocentral_tla20XX_arduino.git|Contributed|ProtoCentral TLA20xx
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_HS300x.git|Arduino|Arduino_HS300x
https://github.com/BinaryBearzz/JoyStickModule.git|Contributed|joystick_module
https://github.com/leresteux/DunogeonENG.git|Contributed|DunogeonENG
https://github.com/leresteux/DunogeonFR.git|Contributed|DunogeonFR
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncHTTPRequest_ESP32_Ethernet.git|Contributed|AsyncHTTPRequest_ESP32_Ethernet
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncMQTT_ESP32.git|Contributed|AsyncMQTT_ESP32
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncHTTPSRequest_ESP32_Ethernet.git|Contributed|AsyncHTTPSRequest_ESP32_Ethernet
https://github.com/hafidhh/FlowSensor-Arduino.git|Contributed|FlowSensor
https://github.com/berrak/Rdebug.git|Contributed|Rdebug
https://github.com/yesbotics/dualsense-controller.git|Contributed|DualSenseController
https://github.com/jakeread/osap-arduino.git|Contributed|osap
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_ESP32_SC_W5500.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_ESP32_SC_W5500
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_ESP32_SC_ENC.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_ESP32_SC_ENC
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_ESP32_SC_Ethernet.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_ESP32_SC_Ethernet
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncDNSServer_ESP32_Ethernet.git|Contributed|AsyncDNSServer_ESP32_Ethernet
https://github.com/junior-robotics-club/JRCCARLIB.git|Contributed|JRCCARLIB
https://github.com/Grrtzm/MicrobitV2-HHS.git|Contributed|MicrobitV2-HHS
https://github.com/kimballa/tiny-collections.git|Contributed|tiny-collections
https://github.com/kimballa/uiwidgets.git|Contributed|uiwidgets
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK1500x-MB85RC.git|Contributed|RAK1500x-MB85RC
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK5814-ATECC608A.git|Contributed|RAK5814-ATECC608A
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12022-MAX31865.git|Contributed|RAK12022-MAX31865
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK12052-MLX90640.git|Contributed|RAK12052-MLX90640
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK14014-FT6336U.git|Contributed|RAK14014-FT6336U
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAK15007-CY15B108QN.git|Contributed|RAK15007-CY15B108QN
https://github.com/RAKWireless/RAKwireless_ADC_SGM58031_library.git|Contributed|RAKwireless_ADC_SGM58031_library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DMM.git|Contributed|DMM
https://github.com/Eugeniusz-Gienek/CSWButtons.git|Contributed|CSWButtons
https://github.com/plageoj/request-builder.git|Contributed|RequestBuilder
https://gitlab.com/softsysco/grove-as3935-lightning-sensor.git|Contributed|Grove_AS3935Lightning_sensor
https://github.com/Ebola-Chan-bot/Cpp_Standard_Library.git|Contributed|Cpp_Standard_Library
https://github.com/Judiviga/ROBLEX.git|Contributed|ROBLEX
https://github.com/RobTillaart/fast_math.git|Contributed|fast_math
https://github.com/RCmags/pulseInput.git|Contributed|pulseInput
https://github.com/roboteach-es/escornabot-lib.git|Contributed|Escornabot-lib
https://github.com/RCmags/ServoMotor.git|Contributed|ServoMotor
https://github.com/bolderflight/terabee.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Terabee
https://github.com/x821938/EasyLogger.git|Contributed|EasyLogger
https://github.com/EmberGL-org/EmberGL.git|Contributed|EmberGL
https://github.com/RCmags/basicCalculus.git|Contributed|basicCalculus
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-4IN8OUT.git|Contributed|MODULE_4IN8OUT
https://github.com/nw2s/nw2s_portenta_SSD1322.git|Contributed|nw2s_portenta_SSD1322
https://github.com/RobTillaart/LUHN.git|Contributed|LUHN
https://github.com/happy12/SPL06-001.git|Contributed|SPL06-001
https://github.com/TcMenu/tcUnicodeHelper.git|Contributed|tcUnicodeHelper
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AtomicWeight.git|Contributed|AtomicWeight
https://github.com/Matrixchung/SFM-V1.7.git|Contributed|SFM-V1.7
https://github.com/matthewturner/EventuallyStateMachine.git|Contributed|EventuallyStateMachine
https://github.com/matthewturner/EventuallyCommand.git|Contributed|EventuallyCommand
https://github.com/ArchontisKostis/SimpleComponents.git|Contributed|SimpleComponents
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/EspUsbHost.git|Contributed|EspUsbHost
https://github.com/Abhishektiwari7/Nokia_1.8_Inch_-Display_-SPFD54124B.git|Contributed|Nokia 1.8 Inch Display SPFD54124B
https://github.com/Eugeniusz-Gienek/CSWBattery.git|Contributed|CSWBattery
https://github.com/stm32duino/STM32LoRaWAN.git|Contributed|STM32duinoLoRaWAN
https://github.com/firechip/Firechip_Analog_Devices_MAX14521E_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|FC0001614614
https://github.com/bolderflight/hg4930.git|Contributed|Bolder Flight Systems Honeywell HG4930
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-UniqueId.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-UniqueId
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-CriticalSection.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-CriticalSection
https://github.com/uldara1/Modbus.git|Contributed|Modbus
https://github.com/SyntaxHarvy/HaCEspSockets.git|Contributed|HaCEspSockets
https://github.com/nkaaf/Arduino-Regression.git|Contributed|Regression
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MHZCO2.git|Contributed|MHZCO2
https://github.com/kermite-org/keyboard_peripheral_modules.git|Contributed|keyboard_peripheral_modules
https://github.com/dvarrel/BMP280.git|Contributed|BMP280
https://github.com/RobTillaart/dateTimeHelpers.git|Contributed|dateTimeHelpers
https://github.com/kermite-org/KermiteCore_Arduino.git|Contributed|KermiteCore_Arduino
https://github.com/chandrawi/U8x_Laser_Distance.git|Contributed|U8xLaserDistance
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WebServer_ESP32_W6100.git|Contributed|WebServer_ESP32_W6100
https://github.com/khoih-prog/WebServer_ESP32_SC_W6100.git|Contributed|WebServer_ESP32_SC_W6100
https://github.com/dvarrel/AHT20.git|Contributed|AHT20
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_ESP32_SC_W6100.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_ESP32_SC_W6100
https://github.com/m5stack/M5AtomS3.git|Contributed|M5AtomS3
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncWebServer_ESP32_W6100.git|Contributed|AsyncWebServer_ESP32_W6100
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_u-blox_GNSS_v3.git|Contributed|SparkFun u-blox GNSS v3
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_ESP32_W6100.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_ESP32_W6100
https://github.com/Mancheron/TFT_eSPI_Widgets.git|Contributed|TFT_eSPI_Widgets
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_ESP32_SC_W6100.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_ESP32_SC_W6100
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncUDP_ESP32_Ethernet.git|Contributed|AsyncUDP_ESP32_Ethernet
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncDNSServer_ESP32_W6100.git|Contributed|AsyncDNSServer_ESP32_W6100
https://github.com/IoT-ThingsCloud/thingscloud-esp-sdk.git|Contributed|ThingsCloud_ESP_SDK
https://github.com/berrak/SensorWLED.git|Contributed|SensorWLED
https://github.com/mimuz/mimuz-ch55x.git|Contributed|mimuz-ch55x
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP32_W6100_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP32_W6100_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/AsyncESP32_SC_W6100_Manager.git|Contributed|AsyncESP32_SC_W6100_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_SC_W6100_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP32_SC_W6100_Manager
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ESP32_W6100_Manager.git|Contributed|ESP32_W6100_Manager
https://github.com/lualtek/cubecell-device-lib.git|Contributed|LualtekCubecell
https://github.com/Bexin3/Speeduino.git|Contributed|Speeduino
https://github.com/SF433/ILIB.git|Contributed|ILIB
https://github.com/TrebledJ/Serial-Tuning.git|Contributed|SerialTuning
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_ESP32_OTA.git|Arduino|Arduino_ESP32_OTA
https://github.com/Gfy63/ParseCommands.git|Contributed|ParseCommands
https://github.com/stoneroweast/HoldButton.git|Contributed|HoldButton
https://github.com/firechip/Firechip_Quectel_EG25-G_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|FC0003390327
https://github.com/Aerobotics-Global/Orbo.git|Contributed|Orbo
https://github.com/jpconstantineau/BlueMicro_RP2040_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|bluemicro_rp2040
https://github.com/Naguissa/uUnixDate.git|Contributed|uUnixDate
https://gitlab.com/dcoded.nl/non-blocking-analog-led-driver.git|Contributed|AnalogLEDDriver
https://github.com/Bexin3/Snowduino.git|Contributed|Snowduino
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_STTS22H_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Temperature Sensor - STTS22H
https://github.com/ZulNs/TonePlayer.git|Contributed|TonePlayer
https://github.com/khoih-prog/ContinuousStepper_Generic.git|Contributed|ContinuousStepper_Generic
https://github.com/RobTillaart/HC4067.git|Contributed|HC4067
https://github.com/uStepper/uStepperS32.git|Contributed|uStepperS32
https://github.com/RobTillaart/HC4051.git|Contributed|HC4051
https://github.com/RobTillaart/HC4052.git|Contributed|HC4052
https://github.com/RobTillaart/HC4053.git|Contributed|HC4053
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_WM8960_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun WM8960 Arduino Library
https://github.com/Beirdo/Arduino-FRAM-Cache.git|Contributed|FRAM_Cache
https://github.com/chochain/eForth1.git|Contributed|eForth1
https://github.com/cubicleguy/su_arduino_uart.git|Contributed|Epson_SU_UART
https://github.com/cubicleguy/su_arduino_spi.git|Contributed|Epson_SU_SPI
https://github.com/mission-mangal/SpeedControl.git|Contributed|SpeedControl
https://github.com/mission-mangal/PositionControl.git|Contributed|PositionControl
https://github.com/maximemoreillon/iot-kernel.git|Contributed|IotKernel
https://github.com/JoulePhi/Escon-Library.git|Contributed|Escon
https://github.com/firechip/Firechip_RV-8263_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|FC0005748911
https://github.com/kimble4/CrossMgrLapCounter.git|Contributed|CrossMgrLapCounter
https://github.com/plasmapper/adxl355-arduino.git|Contributed|PL ADXL355
https://github.com/weedmanu/ToneESP32.git|Contributed|ToneESP32
https://github.com/lualtek/ttn-device-lib.git|Contributed|LualtekTTN
https://github.com/semcneil/PCA95x5.git|Contributed|Anitracks_PCA95x5
https://github.com/r3mko/ZMPT101B.git|Contributed|ZMPT101B-Sensor
https://github.com/HakkanR/slowAES.git|Contributed|slowAES
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/WisBlock-API-V2.git|Contributed|WisBlock-API-V2
https://github.com/UlmerMan/Elegoo.git|Contributed|Elegoo
https://github.com/ftjuh/RCWL_1X05.git|Contributed|RCWL_1X05
https://github.com/Beirdo/Arduino-LIN.git|Contributed|LINBus_stack
https://github.com/Beirdo/Arduino-MultiWire.git|Contributed|MultiWire
https://github.com/DinuraPasan/DOC_CAT.git|Contributed|DOC_CAT
https://github.com/jcubuntu/us82.git|Contributed|uS82
https://github.com/fatkhrus/TeslaCloud.git|Contributed|TeslaCloud
https://github.com/kj7rrv/Telegraph.git|Contributed|Telegraph
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-SHTC3-Temperature-Humidity-Sensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|SHTC3 Soldered Library
https://github.com/razvan-mocanu/LC709204F.git|Contributed|LC709204F
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_EmojiLib.git|Contributed|EmotiBit EmojiLib
https://github.com/mikalhart/ESP32-OTA-Pull.git|Contributed|ESP32-OTA-Pull
https://github.com/d10i/TFA433.git|Contributed|TFA 433 Receiver for Dostmann 30.3208.02
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AM2315C.git|Contributed|AM2315C
https://github.com/nhz2/XYZgeomag.git|Contributed|XYZgeomag
https://github.com/IncroyablePix/DigiKeyboardBe.git|Contributed|DigiKeyboardBe
https://github.com/ClayXrex/Arduino-StepperMotor.git|Contributed|StepperMotor
https://github.com/jpconstantineau/BlueMicro_Examples_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|bluemicro_exmpl
https://github.com/CyberonEBU/Cyberon_DSpotterSDK_Maker_33BLE.git|Contributed|DSpotterSDK_Maker_33BLE
https://github.com/CyberonEBU/Cyberon_DSpotterSDK_Maker_RP2040.git|Contributed|DSpotterSDK_Maker_RP2040
https://github.com/CyberonEBU/Cyberon_DSpotterSDK_Maker_PortentaH7.git|Contributed|DSpotterSDK_Maker_PortentaH7
https://github.com/ES-factory/DigiCombo.git|Contributed|DigiCombo
https://github.com/jpconstantineau/BlueMicro_SAMD_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|bluemicro_samd
https://github.com/Bodmer/OpenWeather.git|Contributed|OpenWeather
https://github.com/nyannkov/Psgino.git|Contributed|Psgino
https://github.com/mcmchris/mcm-bl0940-lib.git|Contributed|MCM_BL0940
https://github.com/theprototypedesigner/tpdButton.git|Contributed|TpdButton
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-LPS22HB.git|Contributed|ReefwingLPS22HB
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/UniversalTransmitter.git|Contributed|UniversalTransmitter
https://github.com/Beirdo/Arduino-LM96163.git|Contributed|LM96163
https://github.com/marcinsaj/FlipDisc.git|Contributed|FlipDisc
https://github.com/Beirdo/Arduino-PCA9536.git|Contributed|PCA9536D
https://github.com/chandrawi/ADE7753.git|Contributed|ADE7753
https://github.com/gobbolab/room-weather.git|Contributed|RoomWeather
https://github.com/fredlarochelle/RunningStats.git|Contributed|RunningStats
https://github.com/triqadafi/TQDF_WatchOS.git|Contributed|TQDF_WatchOS
https://github.com/Justin-Pl/PCA9685_LED_DRIVER.git|Contributed|PCA9685_LED_DRIVER
https://github.com/thingsboard/pubsubclient.git|Contributed|TBPubSubClient
https://github.com/remocons/remote-signal-arduino.git|Contributed|RemoteSignal
https://github.com/mogel77/Jobber.git|Contributed|Jobber
https://github.com/btomaev/Segma.git|Contributed|Segma
https://github.com/Marthaarman/dmx-transceiver.git|Contributed|DMX Serial Transceiver
https://github.com/SpaceTrekKSC/classbot2.git|Contributed|SpaceTrek_ClassBot2
https://github.com/SpaceTrekKSC/BQ25887.git|Contributed|BQ25887
https://github.com/fanfanlatulipe26/XGZP6897D.git|Contributed|XGZP6897D
https://github.com/ExperimentalCyborg/PicoStep.git|Contributed|PicoStep
https://github.com/Beirdo/Arduino-TCA9534.git|Contributed|TCA9534-GPIO
https://github.com/drf5n/Arduino-PID-Library.git|Contributed|PID_v1_bc
https://github.com/Augmented-Robotics/roboheart-arduino-library.git|Contributed|RoboHeart
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/EspEasyUtils.git|Contributed|EspEasyUtils
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L7CX.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L7CX
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_AdvancedAnalog.git|Arduino|Arduino_AdvancedAnalog
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-53L7A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-53L7A1
https://github.com/virtual-maker/MaterialBoard.git|Contributed|MaterialBoard
https://github.com/NachtRaveVL/Simple-Hydroponics-Arduino.git|Contributed|Simple-Hydroponics-Arduino
https://github.com/NachtRaveVL/Simple-SolarTracker-Arduino.git|Contributed|Simple-SolarTracker-Arduino
https://github.com/awootton/mqtt5nano.git|Contributed|mqtt5nano
https://github.com/matthewturner/Eventually.git|Contributed|Eventually2
https://github.com/schlarmann/esp8266channel3lib.git|Contributed|esp8266channel3lib
https://github.com/ochiengotieno304/africastalking-esp8266.git|Contributed|AfricasTalking
https://github.com/scottchiefbaker/ESP-WebOTA.git|Contributed|ESP32-OTA
https://github.com/afpineda/MeanAndVarOnTheFly-Arduino.git|Contributed|MeanAndVarOnTheFly
https://github.com/yesbotics/arduino-lib-led.git|Contributed|Led
https://github.com/Duckle29/HUSB238.git|Contributed|HUSB238
https://github.com/MicroBeaut/RepeatButton.git|Contributed|RepeatButton
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-arduino-projeleri.git|Contributed|Deneyap Arduino Projeleri
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_USBHostMbed5.git|Contributed|Arduino_USBHostMbed5
https://github.com/galjonsfigur/PD243x-DotMatrixDisplay.git|Contributed|DotMatrixDisplay
https://github.com/MicroBeaut/MicroBeaut-TCone.git|Contributed|TCone
https://github.com/Flinduino/Flinders_ENGR2781.git|Contributed|Flinders_ENGR2781
https://github.com/acksen/AcksenPump.git|Contributed|AcksenPump
https://github.com/0015/ChatGPT_Client_For_Arduino.git|Contributed|ChatGPT_Client
https://github.com/toannv17/DHT-Sensors-Non-Blocking.git|Contributed|DHT Sensors Non-Blocking
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/AlPlc_Opta.git|Arduino|AlPlc_Opta
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/AlPlc_PMC.git|Arduino|AlPlc_PMC
https://github.com/acksen/AcksenButton.git|Contributed|AcksenButton
https://github.com/acksen/AcksenIntEEPROM.git|Contributed|AcksenIntEEPROM
https://github.com/acksen/AcksenUtils.git|Contributed|AcksenUtils
https://github.com/danny270793/ArduinoShiftRegister.git|Contributed|ShiftRegister
https://github.com/adafruit/PicoDVI.git|Contributed|PicoDVI - Adafruit Fork
https://github.com/Foxdogface/arduino-VEML6070.git|Contributed|VEML6070
https://github.com/scottchiefbaker/Arduino-SimpleSyslog.git|Contributed|SimpleSyslog
https://github.com/ripred/fANSI.git|Contributed|fANSI
https://github.com/RobTillaart/HX711_MP.git|Contributed|HX711_MP
https://github.com/Bexin3/STMSpeeduino.git|Contributed|STMSpeeduino
https://github.com/Bexin3/GigaScope.git|Contributed|GigaScope
https://github.com/leftCoast/LC_slowServo.git|Contributed|LC_slowServo
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-GLASS.git|Contributed|UNIT_GLASS
https://github.com/tdslite/tdslite.git|Contributed|tdslite
https://github.com/th-hock/EgoSmartHeaterRS485.git|Contributed|EgoSmartHeaterRS485
https://github.com/simplefoc/Arduino-FOC-dcmotor.git|Contributed|SimpleDCMotor
https://github.com/bitbank2/FT6236G.git|Contributed|FT6236G
https://github.com/sstaub/AT24MAC402.git|Contributed|AT24MAC402
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-OrientalCommon.git|Contributed|OrientalCommon_asukiaaa
https://github.com/bytebeamio/bytebeam-arduino-sdk.git|Contributed|BytebeamArduino
https://github.com/WK-Software56/AdvKeyPad.git|Contributed|AdvKeyPad
https://github.com/igor-krechetov/hsmcpp-arduinoide.git|Contributed|hsmcpp
https://github.com/nullptr-deref/ms5540c-library.git|Contributed|ms5540c
https://github.com/malisipi/joystick_5pin.git|Contributed|Joystick 5-Pin
https://github.com/TheAngryRaven/DovesLapTimer.git|Contributed|DovesLapTimer
https://github.com/Jakkapan-a/TcBUTTON.git|Contributed|TcBUTTON
https://github.com/Jenifen/SerialSendBuffer.git|Contributed|SerialBuffSender
https://github.com/RecursiveError/omnicrystal.git|Contributed|omnicrystal
https://github.com/epsilonrt/eFlexPwm.git|Contributed|eFlexPwm
https://github.com/epsilonrt/modbus-arduino.git|Contributed|Modbus-Arduino
https://github.com/epsilonrt/modbus-serial.git|Contributed|Modbus-Serial
https://github.com/epsilonrt/modbus-esp8266at.git|Contributed|Modbus-Esp8266AT
https://github.com/epsilonrt/modbus-ethernet.git|Contributed|Modbus-Ethernet
https://github.com/epsilonrt/modbus-ethercard.git|Contributed|Modbus-EtherCard
https://github.com/epsilonrt/ad7124.git|Contributed|ad7124
https://github.com/epsilonrt/spaiot-lib.git|Contributed|spaiot-lib
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-renk-donusturme-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Renk Donusturme
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-Home-Automation-Library.git|Contributed|Sequent Home Automation HAT
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-LCD-Adapter-Library.git|Contributed|SM_LCDAdapter
https://github.com/sensorium/Mozzi.git|Contributed|Mozzi
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-24LCxx.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-24LCxx
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-littlefs.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-littlefs
https://github.com/Teknikio/Teknikio_Bluebird_Arduino.git|Contributed|Bluebird
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_DF2301Q.git|Contributed|DFRobot_DF2301Q
https://github.com/Nickjgniklu/ESPMagicHome.git|Contributed|MagicHome
https://github.com/NanitRobot/NanitLib.git|Contributed|NanitLib
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SHT31_SW.git|Contributed|SHT31_SW
https://github.com/eccentricOrange/DDBot.git|Contributed|DDBot
https://github.com/Nickjgniklu/em4095.git|Contributed|em4095
https://github.com/MRROBO28/GSheet32.git|Contributed|GSheet32
https://github.com/lucasdietrich/AVRTOS.git|Contributed|avrtos
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_ArduinoFilters.git|Contributed|EmotiBit ArduinoFilters
https://github.com/teddokano/I2C_device_Arduino.git|Contributed|I2C_device_Arduino
https://github.com/teddokano/TempSensor_NXP_Arduino.git|Contributed|TempSensors_NXP_Arduino
https://github.com/Steven-GH/Xsens_MTi_I2C.git|Contributed|Xsens_MTi_I2C
https://github.com/Steven-GH/Xsens_MTi_SPI.git|Contributed|Xsens_MTi_SPI
https://github.com/sfeister/scpi-parser-arduino.git|Contributed|SCPI_Parser
https://github.com/jnthas/Improv-WiFi-Library.git|Contributed|Improv WiFi Library
https://github.com/Tstoegi/MicroWakeupper.git|Contributed|MicroWakeupper Wemos D1 Mini Battery Shield
https://github.com/melopero/Melopero_Cookie_RP2040_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Melopero Cookie RP2040
https://github.com/teddokano/LEDDriver_NXP_Arduino.git|Contributed|LEDDrivers_NXP_Arduino
https://github.com/lnbits/arduino-nostr.git|Contributed|Nostr
https://github.com/pablomarquez76/ESP8266SAM_ES.git|Contributed|ESP8266SAM_ES
https://github.com/strid3r21/BeeDataLogger-Arduino-Helper.git|Contributed|BeeDataLogger
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-NFC07A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-NFC07A1
https://github.com/marcobrianza/ClickButton.git|Contributed|ClickButton
https://github.com/tfry-git/EmbAJAX.git|Contributed|EmbAJAX
https://github.com/tony-bringardner/NetworkMonitor.git|Contributed|NetworkMonitor
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_WebServer_ESP32_W5500.git|Contributed|SparkFun_WebServer_ESP32_W5500
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/sensors/vega_mlx90614.git|Contributed|VEGA_MLX90614
https://github.com/gilman88/xmodem-lib.git|Contributed|XModem
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CAN.git|Contributed|Adafruit CAN
https://github.com/teddokano/RTC_NXP_Arduino.git|Contributed|RTC_NXP_Arduino
https://github.com/honvl/Seeed-Xiao-NRF52840-Battery.git|Contributed|Xiao NRF52840 Battery
https://github.com/Gfy63/NE555.git|Contributed|NE555
https://github.com/jhagas/ESPSupabase.git|Contributed|ESPSupabase
https://github.com/Dhanabhon/TomIBT2.git|Contributed|TomIBT2
https://github.com/teddokano/LCDDriver_NXP_Arduino.git|Contributed|LCDDrivers_NXP_Arduino
https://github.com/peanut-king-solution/PeanutKing_ArduinoShield.git|Contributed|PeanutKing ArduinoShield
https://github.com/dwinhmi/DWIN_DGUS_HMI.git|Contributed|DWIN_DGUS_HMI
https://github.com/sheminasalam/Esp8266-Mqtt-Canary.git|Contributed|Esp8266-Mqtt-Canary
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-LSM9DS1.git|Contributed|ReefwingLSM9DS1
https://github.com/laserir/NL2Client.git|Contributed|NL2Client
https://github.com/Plefunga/AstroCalcs.git|Contributed|AstroCalcs
https://github.com/zakarialaoui10/PowerMonitor.git|Contributed|PowerMonitor
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-ar.git|Contributed|Picovoice_AR
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-hi.git|Contributed|Picovoice_HI
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-it.git|Contributed|Picovoice_IT
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-ja.git|Contributed|Picovoice_JA
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-ko.git|Contributed|Picovoice_KO
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-nl.git|Contributed|Picovoice_NL
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-pl.git|Contributed|Picovoice_PL
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-pt.git|Contributed|Picovoice_PT
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-ru.git|Contributed|Picovoice_RU
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-sv.git|Contributed|Picovoice_SV
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-vn.git|Contributed|Picovoice_VN
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-zh.git|Contributed|Picovoice_ZH
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-ar.git|Contributed|Porcupine_AR
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-hi.git|Contributed|Porcupine_HI
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-it.git|Contributed|Porcupine_IT
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-ja.git|Contributed|Porcupine_JA
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-ko.git|Contributed|Porcupine_KO
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-nl.git|Contributed|Porcupine_NL
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-pl.git|Contributed|Porcupine_PL
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-pt.git|Contributed|Porcupine_PT
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-ru.git|Contributed|Porcupine_RU
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-sv.git|Contributed|Porcupine_SV
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-zh.git|Contributed|Porcupine_ZH
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-vn.git|Contributed|Porcupine_VN
https://github.com/handmade0octopus/CursedDoubleLinkedListInterface-library.git|Contributed|CursedDoubleLinkedListInterface
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-Cyphal-Support.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-Cyphal-Support
https://github.com/fxprime/ModuleMoreSumoV2.git|Contributed|ModuleMore Sumo V2
https://github.com/naiithink/musicians-mate.git|Contributed|MusiciansMate
https://github.com/Kaist-ICLab/KAIST_IoTDataScience.git|Contributed|KAIST_IoTDataScience
https://github.com/teddokano/GPIO_NXP_Arduino.git|Contributed|GPIO_NXP_Arduino
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-upt-core.git|Contributed|Sensirion UPT Core
https://github.com/MicroBeaut/Finite-State.git|Contributed|Finite-State
https://github.com/Nickjgniklu/ESP_TF.git|Contributed|ESP_TF
https://github.com/mlesniew/PicoMQTT.git|Contributed|PicoMQTT
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/sensors/vega_max30100.git|Contributed|VEGA_MAX30100
https://github.com/LuSeKa/HX711_light.git|Contributed|HX711_light
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-Ultrasonic-Sensor-easyC-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered Ultrasonic Distance Sensor Arduino library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-LCD-library.git|Contributed|Soldered LCD
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-Obstacle-Sensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered Obstacle Sensor Arduino Library
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/sensors/vega_max30102.git|Contributed|VEGA_MAX30102
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-MCP23017-Port-Expander-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered MCP23017 Arduino Library
https://github.com/Tobiyouth/WaterFlow.git|Contributed|WaterFlow
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_IntelliKeys.git|Contributed|Adafruit IntelliKeys
https://github.com/zakarialaoui10/ZikoMatrix.git|Contributed|ZikoMatrix
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-CCS811-Air-Quality-Sensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|CCS811-Soldered
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-CAN-Bus-Breakout-MCP2518-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered CAN Bus Breakout Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-BME280-BME680-Gas-Sensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered BME280 and BME680 EasyC Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-PCF85063A-RTC-Module-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered PCF85063A RTC Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-DAC-Breakout_MCP47A1-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered MCP47A1 DAC library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-WS2812-Smart-Leds-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered WS2812 Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-Fingerprint-Sensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered Fingerprint Sensor
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-PMS7003-Particle-Sensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered PMS7003 Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-nRF24-Radio-Module-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered nRF24 Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-Digital-Light-Sensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered LTR-507 Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-BQ27441-Battery-Fuel-Gauge-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered BQ27441-G1 Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-INA219-Current-Sensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered INA219 Board Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-SIM800L-GSM-Module-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered SIM800L Arduino Library
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/display/vega_st7735_and_st7789.git|Contributed|VEGA_ST7735_and_ST7789
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-SIM7020-NB-IoT-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered SIM7020 NB-IoT Library
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-ESP32-PI-Library.git|Contributed|SM_ESP32Pi
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CPFS.git|Contributed|Adafruit CPFS
https://github.com/yashi/Servo328.git|Contributed|Servo328
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-SI114X-sensor-easyC-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered SI114X Light Sensor Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-HX711-ADC-For-Weight-Scales-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|SOLDERED HX711 Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-TCA9548A-I2C-Multiplexer-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered TCA9548A Multiplexer Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-Hall-Effect-Sensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered Hall Effect Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-Digipot-MCP4018-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered MCP4018 Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-ADS1015-ADS1115-ADC-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered ADS1015 and ADS1115 EasyC Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-AS3935-Lightning-detect-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered AS3935 Lightning sensor library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-OLED-Display-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered OLED Display Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-MQ-Gas-Sensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered MQ-X Gas Sensor Arduino Library
https://github.com/mtsurumaki/PwmSin.git|Contributed|PwmSin
https://github.com/kmilo17pet/QuarkTS-cpp.git|Contributed|QuarkTS
https://github.com/2bndy5/CirquePinnacle.git|Contributed|CirquePinnacle
https://github.com/imiconsystem/MicromationDevboardV3.git|Contributed|MicromationDevboardV3
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-8x8-MAX7219-LED-Matrix-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|8x8 Led Matrix Soldered
https://github.com/dacarson/WeatherFlowApi.git|Contributed|WeatherFlowAPI
https://github.com/marclura/PT2258-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|PT2258
https://github.com/Segilmez06/DistanceSensor.git|Contributed|DistanceSensor
https://github.com/teddokano/MUX_SW_NXP_Arduino.git|Contributed|MUX_SW_NXP_Arduino
https://github.com/BlueDot-Arduino/BlueDot-SGP40_SHT40.git|Contributed|BlueDot SGP40 SHT40
https://github.com/takeyamayuki/RESTuino.git|Contributed|RESTuino
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-imuTypes.git|Contributed|Reefwing_imuTypes
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-xIMU3.git|Contributed|Reefwing_xIMU3
https://github.com/sstaub/MCP_3208.git|Contributed|MCP_3208
https://github.com/sstaub/MCP_23017.git|Contributed|MCP_23017
https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-Servo-RP2040.git|Contributed|107-Arduino-Servo-RP2040
https://github.com/shutch42/modmata.git|Contributed|Modmata
https://github.com/monowireless/mwings_arduino.git|Contributed|MWings
https://github.com/avalonbits/vdp-gl.git|Contributed|vdp-gl
https://github.com/obdevel/ACAN2040.git|Contributed|ACAN2040
https://github.com/obdevel/CBUSACAN2040.git|Contributed|CBUSACAN2040
https://github.com/manuelbl/usb-pd-arduino.git|Contributed|USBPowerDelivery
https://github.com/leonlucc/WZ.git|Contributed|WZ Library
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/Escornabot-Library.git|Contributed|Escornabot-Library
https://github.com/CamelCaseName/HUB75Enano.git|Contributed|HUB75Enano
https://github.com/CamelCaseName/HUB75nano.git|Contributed|HUB75nano
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/communication/vega_irremote.git|Contributed|VEGA_IRremote
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/communication/vega_wifinina.git|Contributed|VEGA_WiFiNINA
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/communication/vega_softwareserial.git|Contributed|VEGA_SoftwareSerial
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_AHT20.git|Contributed|Seeed_Arduino_AHT20
https://github.com/epsilonrt/EepromSecureData.git|Contributed|EepromSecureData
https://github.com/Dhanabhon/TomStick.git|Contributed|TomStick
https://github.com/SCRN92/Sim800L.git|Contributed|Sim800L Library
https://github.com/janikheiler/Mintrix.git|Contributed|Mintrix
https://github.com/vishesh-varma/DWIN.git|Contributed|DWIN T5L API wrapper
https://github.com/americodias/PI4IOE5V9554.git|Contributed|PI4IOE5V9554
https://github.com/eebothobby/DAC7574.git|Contributed|DAC7574
https://github.com/eebothobby/ADS7828.git|Contributed|ADS7828
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_BH1750.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_BH1750
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_SHT3x.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_SHT3x
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_SPL06-001.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_SPL06-001
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_PCF85363A.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_PCF85363A
https://github.com/suratin27/ESP32_FX1N.git|Contributed|ESP32 FX1N PLC
https://github.com/soylentOrange/Forced-BMX280.git|Contributed|forcedBMX280
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-Building-Automation-Library.git|Contributed|SM_BAS
https://github.com/alkonosst/SSLClientESP32.git|Contributed|SSLClientESP32
https://github.com/facts-engineering/P1AM_Serial.git|Contributed|P1AM_Serial
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_GNSS.git|Contributed|DFRobot_GNSS
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_LPUPS.git|Contributed|DFRobot_LPUPS
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_RainfallSensor.git|Contributed|DFRobot_RainfallSensor
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_RP2040_SCI.git|Contributed|DFRobot_RP2040_SCI
https://github.com/softplus/GoogleFormPost.git|Contributed|GoogleFormPost
https://github.com/ChitoKim/EiMOS_U8X8.git|Contributed|EiMOS_U8X8
https://github.com/ChitoKim/EiMOS.git|Contributed|EiMOS
https://github.com/schnoog/vl53l0x-arduino-mod.git|Contributed|VL53L0X_mod
https://github.com/schnoog/Joystick_ESP32S2.git|Contributed|Joystick_ESP32S2
https://github.com/SanteriLindfors/WiFiProvisioner.git|Contributed|WiFiProvisioner
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap_arduino_examples.git|Contributed|Deneyap Arduino Examples
https://github.com/soylentOrange/DigiSpark_PWM.git|Contributed|DigiSpark_PWM
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MCP2515.git|Contributed|Adafruit MCP2515
https://github.com/thelastoutpostworkshop/FastDisplayPrototyping.git|Contributed|FastDisplayPrototyping
https://github.com/cranties/escposprinter.git|Contributed|escposprinter
https://github.com/sciosense/apc1-arduino.git|Contributed|ScioSense_APC1
https://github.com/ahmedosama07/mDriverL298n.git|Contributed|mDriver
https://github.com/TMRh20/nrf_to_nrf.git|Contributed|nrf_to_nrf
https://github.com/gemi254/ConfigAssist-ESP32-ESP8266.git|Contributed|ConfigAssist
https://github.com/mobizt/ESP-Google-Forms-Client.git|Contributed|ESP-Google-Forms-Client
https://github.com/Tinyu-Zhao/BMI270_Sensor.git|Contributed|BMI270_Sensor
https://github.com/nacademyth/RoboFi.git|Contributed|RoboFi
https://github.com/kcl93/fusb302_arduino.git|Contributed|FUSB302 PD UFP sink
https://github.com/Fbisinger/HeidelbergInterface.git|Contributed|HeidelbergInterface
https://github.com/GhassanYusuf/NewServo.git|Contributed|NewServo
https://github.com/J-Rios/mqtt_fuota_duino.git|Contributed|mqtt_fuota_duino
https://github.com/J-Rios/minbasecli.git|Contributed|minbasecli
https://github.com/dojyorin/arduino_m0_tweak.git|Contributed|m0_tweak
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-NFC08A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-NFC08A1
https://github.com/leonlucc/arduino-tencent-cloud-iot-sdk.git|Contributed|TencentCloudIoTSDK
https://github.com/rui-huang-opt/MPC_ruih.git|Contributed|MPC_ruih
https://github.com/ArduCAM/Arducam_mini.git|Contributed|Arducam_mini
https://github.com/sinricpro/teleport-arduino-esp32-library.git|Contributed|SinricTeleport
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TOPMAX.git|Contributed|TOPMAX
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TOPMIN.git|Contributed|TOPMIN
https://github.com/midilab/uClock.git|Contributed|uClock
https://github.com/sivar2311/WebMonitor.git|Contributed|WebMonitor
https://github.com/m516/TinyMatrixMath.git|Contributed|TinyMatrixMath
https://github.com/fablabbh/Arduino-L298-Motor-Library.git|Contributed|L298 Motor Driver
https://github.com/witnessmenow/file-fetcher-arduino.git|Contributed|FileFetcher
https://github.com/ejri/Cohere_Client_Arduino.git|Contributed|Cohere_Client
https://github.com/GabyGold67/FourBitLedDigitalTube.git|Contributed|FourBitLedDigitalTube
https://github.com/m5stack/M5CoreS3.git|Contributed|M5CoreS3
https://github.com/deneyapkart/deneyap-servo-arduino-library.git|Contributed|Deneyap Servo
https://github.com/hmz06967/SPI-FlashMem.git|Contributed|SPI-FlashMem
https://github.com/hmz06967/OZGPS_NMEA.git|Contributed|OZGPS_NMEA
https://github.com/wzwyz/Stringcalculater.git|Contributed|Stringcalculater
https://github.com/wzwyz/CrystalC.git|Contributed|Crystal C Interpreter
https://github.com/pazi88/STM32_CAN.git|Contributed|STM32_CAN
https://github.com/bimac/EEPstore.git|Contributed|EEPstore
https://github.com/junkfix/esp32-ds18b20.git|Contributed|esp32-ds18b20
https://github.com/junkfix/dhtESP32-rmt.git|Contributed|dhtESP32-rmt
https://github.com/dang-gun/Arduino_ButtonClickCheck.git|Contributed|ButtonClickCheck
https://github.com/flash62au/WiThrottleProtocol.git|Contributed|WiThrottleProtocol
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_PCF85363.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_PCF85363
https://github.com/JhoselinRam/gButton.git|Contributed|gButton
https://github.com/tomasz90/two-buttons-interface.git|Contributed|TwoButtonsInterface
https://github.com/DIYables/DIYables_4Digit7Segment_74HC595.git|Contributed|DIYables_4Digit7Segment_74HC595
https://github.com/yuki-kurosawa/SuperPico-TinyMenu.git|Contributed|TinyMenu
https://github.com/dhrubasaha08/DHT11.git|Contributed|DHT11
https://github.com/glutio/Taskfun.git|Contributed|Taskfun
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_GroveI2C_Ultrasonic.git|Arduino|Arduino_GroveI2C_Ultrasonic
https://github.com/microsoft/ArduinoHidForWindows.git|Contributed|Microsoft_HidForWindows
https://github.com/masaad01/SPIFFS_Shell.git|Contributed|SPIFFS_Shell
https://github.com/GyverLibs/FileData.git|Contributed|FileData
https://github.com/blues/notecard-env-var-manager.git|Contributed|Blues Notecard Environment Variable Manager
https://github.com/epsilonrt/Hmi4DinBox.git|Contributed|Hmi4DinBox
https://github.com/suratin27/DINO_PLC.git|Contributed|DINO PLC
https://github.com/neittien0110/siotcore_sdk_v2.git|Contributed|siot_core_lib
https://github.com/ProfTahseen/Tarmos.git|Contributed|Tarmos
https://github.com/jgvmonteiro/SerialBus.git|Contributed|SerialBus
https://github.com/Xylopyrographer/LiteLED.git|Contributed|LiteLED
https://github.com/glutio/Eventfun.git|Contributed|Eventfun
https://github.com/mhorimoto/M304-lib.git|Contributed|M304 Library
https://github.com/rm5248/liblcc-arduino.git|Contributed|LibLCC
https://github.com/SNMetamorph/FutabaVfdM202MD10C.git|Contributed|FutabaVfdM202MD10C
https://github.com/pablomarquez76/AnalogWrite_ESP32.git|Contributed|AnalogWrite_ESP32
https://github.com/suratin27/DINO_PLC_V1.git|Contributed|DINO_PLC_V1
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_GigaDisplayTouch.git|Arduino|Arduino_GigaDisplayTouch
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_GC9A01A.git|Contributed|Adafruit GC9A01A
https://github.com/dang-gun/Arduino_StepperAsync5.git|Contributed|Stepper Async 5
https://github.com/ripred/CompileTime.git|Contributed|CompileTime
https://github.com/Crazy-Max-Blog/Crazy_IoTik.git|Contributed|Crazy-IoTik
https://github.com/eigen-value/Transform.git|Contributed|Transform
https://github.com/DavidArmstrong/SiderealObjects.git|Contributed|SiderealObjects
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-Ethernet.git|Contributed|M5-Ethernet
https://github.com/vindar/ILI9342_T4.git|Contributed|ILI9342_T4
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-DigiClock.git|Contributed|M5Unit-DigiClock
https://github.com/epsilonrt/RadioHead.git|Contributed|RadioHead
https://github.com/sakura-internet/sipf-arduino-client.git|Contributed|sipf-arduino-client
https://github.com/hexaedron/PostNeoSWSerial.git|Contributed|PostNeoSWSerial
https://github.com/epsilonrt/modbus-radio.git|Contributed|Modbus-Radio
https://github.com/alexitoo00/NewEncoder.git|Contributed|NewEncoder
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L8CX.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L8CX
https://github.com/blynkkk/BlynkNcpDriver.git|Contributed|BlynkNcpDriver
https://github.com/AsproCompany/GeneralShield.git|Contributed|GeneralShield
https://github.com/sunfounder/SunFounder_Ai_Camera.git|Contributed|SunFounder AI Camera
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_GP8XXX.git|Contributed|DFRobot_GP8XXX
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_LcdDisplay.git|Contributed|DFRobot_LcdDisplay
https://github.com/Interested-In-Spresense/MM-S50MV.git|Contributed|MM-S50MV
https://github.com/DIYables/DIYables_IRcontroller.git|Contributed|DIYables_IRcontroller
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-53L8A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-53L8A1
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LSM6DSV16X_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun 6DoF LSM6DSV16X
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-xensiv-dps3xx.git|Contributed|XENSIV Digital Pressure Sensor
https://github.com/skyfroger/RPlatform.git|Contributed|RPlatform
https://github.com/cyijun/ESP32MQTTClient.git|Contributed|ESP32MQTTClient
https://github.com/mcci-catena/SoftwareSerial.git|Contributed|MCCI SofwareSerial
https://github.com/koendv/cst816t.git|Contributed|cst816t
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TLC5947.git|Contributed|TLC5947
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_rtc.git|Contributed|bb_rtc
https://github.com/ripred/Smooth.git|Contributed|Smooth
https://github.com/AlfredoSystems/Alfredo-NoU2.git|Contributed|Alfredo-NoU2
https://github.com/AlfredoSystems/AlfredoConnect-Receive.git|Contributed|AlfredoConnect-Receive
https://github.com/ryraki/FXPS7xxx_Arduino.git|Contributed|FXPS7xxx_Arduino
https://github.com/ryraki/FXLS89xx_Arduino.git|Contributed|FXLS89xx_Arduino
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_ltr390.git|Contributed|bb_ltr390
https://github.com/jmerc77/Fast4ier.git|Contributed|Fast4ier
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BMI270_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BMI270 Arduino Library
https://github.com/fellipecouto/CipherCode.git|Contributed|CipherCode
https://github.com/RobTillaart/integer24.git|Contributed|integer24
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_scd41.git|Contributed|bb_scd41
https://github.com/DenysChuhlib/7Segment.git|Contributed|7Segment
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_captouch.git|Contributed|bb_captouch
https://github.com/shiliu-yang/SimpleLed.git|Contributed|SimpleLed
https://github.com/gbr1/rp2040-encoder-library.git|Contributed|rp2040-encoder-library
https://github.com/ollprogram/SimpleShiftRegisterController.git|Contributed|SimpleShiftRegisterController
https://github.com/dhrubasaha08/SimpleUltrasonic.git|Contributed|SimpleUltrasonic
https://github.com/teddokano/AFE_NXP_Arduino.git|Contributed|AFE_NXP_Arduino
https://github.com/crunchysteve/EdgieD.git|Contributed|EdgieD
https://github.com/nthnn/PH4502C-Sensor.git|Contributed|PH4502C-Sensor
https://github.com/YoupiLab/YoupiLabEsp8266.git|Contributed|YoupiLabEsp8266
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Weather_Meter_Kit_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Weather Meter Kit Arduino Library
https://github.com/felias-fogg/avrCalibrate.git|Contributed|avrCalibrate
https://github.com/krishna-v/Pulser.git|Contributed|Pulser
https://github.com/ZakKemble/LM73.git|Contributed|LM73
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/GroPointModbus.git|Contributed|GroPointModbus
https://github.com/nthnn/Anomalia.git|Contributed|Anomalia
https://github.com/addy123d/I2CDisplayController.git|Contributed|I2CDisplayController
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-RTD-Library.git|Contributed|SM_RTD
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-4rel4in-Library.git|Contributed|SM_4REL4IN
https://github.com/nthnn/Navigador.git|Contributed|Navigador
https://github.com/JoelJojoP/TempReader.git|Contributed|TempReader
https://github.com/DocBohn/CowPi_stdio.git|Contributed|CowPi_stdio
https://github.com/x821938/elog.git|Contributed|Elog
https://github.com/ryraki/NMH1000_Arduino.git|Contributed|NMH1000_Arduino
https://github.com/henriksod/Arduino_CANOverSerial.git|Contributed|SerialCAN
https://github.com/DocBohn/CowPi.git|Contributed|CowPi
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Gauss.git|Contributed|Gauss
https://github.com/tedtoal/monitor_printf.git|Contributed|monitor_printf
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/MPU6x00.git|Contributed|ReefwingMPU6x00
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_PCA9846_Mux_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun PCA9846 Mux Arduino Library
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_ILI9341.git|Contributed|Bonezegei ILI9341
https://github.com/ryraki/MPL3115A2_Arduino.git|Contributed|MPL3115A2_Arduino
https://github.com/MajicDesigns/MD_HX711.git|Contributed|MD_HX711
https://github.com/AlexFigas/Didactic-Robot-Project.git|Contributed|Didactic Robot
https://github.com/NeuraiProject/uNeurai.git|Contributed|uNeurai
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/communication/vegaiot_busio.git|Contributed|VEGAIoT_BusIO
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_Search.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_Search
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/sensors/vega_bmi088.git|Contributed|VEGA_BMI088
https://github.com/MeArm/MeArm-Arduino.git|Contributed|MeArm-Robot-Arm
https://github.com/odriverobotics/ODriveArduino.git|Contributed|ODriveArduino
https://github.com/fbiego/chronos-esp32.git|Contributed|ChronosESP32
https://github.com/namino-cc/Namino_Library.git|Contributed|Namino_Industrial_Boards
https://github.com/Aquatwix/PD-10LX-Library.git|Contributed|PD-10LX-Library
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_List.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_List
https://github.com/NodeppOficial/nodepp-arduino.git|Contributed|nodepp
https://github.com/fbiego/Timber.git|Contributed|Timber
https://github.com/DeimosHall/RP2040_CPU_Temperature.git|Contributed|Raspberry Pi Pico CPU Temperature
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCA9553.git|Contributed|PCA9553
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_XPT2046.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_XPT2046
https://github.com/YoupiLab/YoupiLabESP32_IOT.git|Contributed|YoupiLabESP32_IOT
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_Utility.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_Utility
https://github.com/mizuyoukanao/Bluewhale.git|Contributed|Bluewhale
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_ILI9341v2.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_ILI9341v2
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acanfd-stm32.git|Contributed|ACANFD_STM32
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_XPT2046v2.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_XPT2046v2
https://github.com/machinefi/psa-crypto-arduino.git|Contributed|PSACrypto
https://github.com/tedtoal/floatToString.git|Contributed|floatToString
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SHT31_SWW.git|Contributed|SHT31_SWW
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCA9551.git|Contributed|PCA9551
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCA9552.git|Contributed|PCA9552
https://github.com/tedtoal/msToString.git|Contributed|msToString
https://github.com/AbdoullahBougataya/QCFA.git|Contributed|QCFA
https://github.com/CMB27/ModbusRTUMaster.git|Contributed|ModbusRTUMaster
https://github.com/CyberonEBU/Cyberon_DSpotterSDK_Maker_NiclaVision.git|Contributed|DSpotterSDK_Maker_NiclaVision
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADG725.git|Contributed|ADG725
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADG731.git|Contributed|ADG731
https://github.com/tedtoal/wiring_analog_SAMD_TT.git|Contributed|wiring_analog_SAMD_TT
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_GL.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_GL
https://github.com/big12boy/MAX11643.git|Contributed|MAX11643
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADG726.git|Contributed|ADG726
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADG732.git|Contributed|ADG732
https://github.com/Dino-MLC-Board/DINO-PLC.git|Contributed|DINO-PLC
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMK52T016.git|Contributed|BMK52T016
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMK54T004.git|Contributed|BMK54T004
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMK56T004.git|Contributed|BMK56T004
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMS36T001.git|Contributed|BMS36T001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM32S2031-1.git|Contributed|BM32S2031-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM32S3021-1.git|Contributed|BM32S3021-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMH08002-4.git|Contributed|BMH08002-4
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMH06203.git|Contributed|BMH06203
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMH12M105.git|Contributed|BMH12M105
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMH23M001.git|Contributed|BMH23M001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM2102-9x-1.git|Contributed|BM2102-9x-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM2302-9x-1.git|Contributed|BM2302-9x-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMC36M0x1.git|Contributed|BMC36M0x1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMC56M001.git|Contributed|BMC56M001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM7701-00-1.git|Contributed|BM7701-00-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMC81M001.git|Contributed|BMC81M001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMP73T102.git|Contributed|BMP73T102
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMP73T104.git|Contributed|BMP73T104
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMD31M090.git|Contributed|BMD31M090
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMD58T280.git|Contributed|BMD58T280
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM92S2222-A.git|Contributed|BM92S2222-A
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM62S2201-1.git|Contributed|BM62S2201-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM25S2021-1.git|Contributed|BM25S2021-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMS33M332.git|Contributed|BMS33M332
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMS56M605.git|Contributed|BMS56M605
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMS26M833.git|Contributed|BMS26M833
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM92S2021-A.git|Contributed|BM92S2021-A
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM12O2321-A.git|Contributed|BM12O2321-A
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM12O2021-A.git|Contributed|BM12O2021-A
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM32O2531-A.git|Contributed|BM32O2531-A
https://github.com/govorox/SSLClient.git|Contributed|GovoroxSSLClient
https://github.com/soryone1/fog.git|Contributed|fog
https://github.com/todd-herbert/unoHID.git|Contributed|unoHID
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MTP40F.git|Contributed|MTP40F
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TSC2046.git|Contributed|Adafruit TSC2046
https://github.com/sebaJoSt/BlaeckTCP.git|Contributed|BlaeckTCP
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MATRIX7219.git|Contributed|MATRIX7219
https://github.com/MicroBeaut/MAX6816.git|Contributed|MAX6816
https://github.com/asukiaaa/crc-arduino.git|Contributed|crc_asukiaaa
https://github.com/redPanther/CQRobotTDS.git|Contributed|CQRobotTDS
https://github.com/tedtoal/XPT2046_Touchscreen_TT.git|Contributed|XPT2046_Touchscreen_TT
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_HCSR04.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_HCSR04
https://github.com/FacundoPumilla/MQ137.git|Contributed|MQ137
https://github.com/ArduCAM/Arducam_dvp.git|Contributed|arducam_dvp
https://github.com/JSC-electronics/acdu-support-library.git|Contributed|ACDU
https://github.com/AlexRosito67/QUAD7SHIFT.git|Contributed|QUAD7SHIFT
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PT2314.git|Contributed|PT2314
https://github.com/ress997/TinyGPSPlusPlus.git|Contributed|TinyGPSPlusPlus
https://github.com/MicroBeaut/ADebouncer.git|Contributed|ADebouncer
https://github.com/stm32duino/LIS2DUXS12.git|Contributed|STM32duino LIS2DUXS12
https://github.com/1NCE-GmbH/blueprint_arduino.git|Contributed|1NCE Arduino Blueprint
https://github.com/nthnn/TCS3200.git|Contributed|TCS3200-Sensor
https://github.com/mobizt/ESP_SSLClient.git|Contributed|ESP_SSLClient
https://github.com/loopj/open-rts.git|Contributed|Open RTS
https://github.com/Dhruvacube/7-Segment.git|Contributed|Led 7 Segment
https://github.com/IFRN-robotica-CM/CosmosNV2.git|Contributed|CosmosNV2
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD5246.git|Contributed|AD5246
https://github.com/barbarossa12/sht3x-dis-arduino-lib.git|Contributed|sht3x-dis-arduino-lib
https://github.com/DIGI-EDGE/DPE-TRAM-GEN.git|Contributed|digiedge_frame_generator
https://github.com/andrewhe-princeton/Iridium-GPP.git|Contributed|IridiumGPP
https://bitbucket.org/jezhill/Keyhole.git|Contributed|Keyhole
https://github.com/nfc-rfid-reader-sdk/MFRC522_PN512.git|Contributed|MFRC522_PN512
https://github.com/RobTillaart/M5ANGLE8.git|Contributed|M5ANGLE8
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_GSM.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_GSM
https://github.com/HamzaYslmn/detaBaseESP8266.git|Contributed|detaBaseESP8266
https://github.com/Obsttube/CryptoAES_CBC.git|Contributed|CryptoAES_CBC
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-MPU6050.git|Contributed|ReefwingMPU6050
https://github.com/ripred/Profiler.git|Contributed|Profiler
https://github.com/RobTillaart/M5ROTATE8.git|Contributed|M5ROTATE8
https://github.com/epsilonrt/pImpl.git|Contributed|pImpl
https://github.com/MrYsLab/Telemetrix4UnoR4.git|Contributed|Telemetrix4UnoR4
https://github.com/kaiaai/micro_ros_arduino_kaiaai.git|Contributed|micro_ros_kaia
https://github.com/iory/i2c-for-esp32.git|Contributed|i2c-for-esp32
https://github.com/abcdaaaaaaaaa/MQSpaceData.h.git|Contributed|MQSpaceData
https://github.com/casiez/OneEuroFilterArduino.git|Contributed|1euroFilter
https://github.com/u-fire/Mod-NTC.git|Contributed|Microfire Mod-NTC
https://github.com/EvTheFuture/WebConsole.git|Contributed|WebConsole
https://github.com/gbr1/ucPack.git|Contributed|ucPack
https://github.com/SndrSchnklshk/HDC302x.git|Contributed|HDC302x
https://github.com/SndrSchnklshk/TMP6x.git|Contributed|TMP6x
https://github.com/misaproyectil/Sprite_Serial_Control.git|Contributed|Proyectil MedeaWiz
https://github.com/misa3L994/digitalIO.git|Contributed|Proyectil digitalIO
https://github.com/misaproyectil/GD3300.git|Contributed|Proyectil GD3300
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BNO08x_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BNO08x Cortex Based IMU
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_SoftSerial.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_SoftSerial
https://github.com/Reefwing-Software/Reefwing-PWM.git|Contributed|ReefwingPWM
https://github.com/sciosense/ens21x-arduino.git|Contributed|ScioSense_ENS21x
https://github.com/GabyGold67/MomentaryPushButtonsAsSwitches.git|Contributed|mpbToSwitch
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-GRBL-13.2.git|Contributed|Module_GRBL_13.2
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-Stepmotor.git|Contributed|Module_Stepmotor
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_RS485.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_RS485
https://github.com/supercrab/RemoteSerial.git|Contributed|RemoteSerial
https://github.com/pablomarquez76/PS4_Controller_Host.git|Contributed|PS4Controller
https://github.com/Xairooo/SimpleTime.git|Contributed|SimpleTime
https://github.com/Geekble-Maker/Geekble_Note2Freq.git|Contributed|Geekble_Note2Freq
https://github.com/somsinchai/CAGEduino.git|Contributed|CAGEduino
https://github.com/tedtoal/Button_TT.git|Contributed|Button_TT
https://github.com/ripred/MyKeywords.git|Contributed|MyKeywords
https://github.com/hen1227/bluetooth-serial.git|Contributed|BluetoothSerial
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/display/vega_chainableled.git|Contributed|VEGA_ChainableLED
https://github.com/ArtronShop/IOXESP32Audio.git|Contributed|IOXESP32Audio
https://github.com/EricAndrechek/TinyGPSMinus.git|Contributed|TinyGPSMinus
https://github.com/fellipecouto/ButtonControl.git|Contributed|ButtonControl
https://github.com/yasir-shahzad/SoftI2C.git|Contributed|SoftI2C
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM22S2021-1.git|Contributed|BM22S2021-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM22S4221-1.git|Contributed|BM22S4221-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMD26M088.git|Contributed|BMD26M088
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMH23M002.git|Contributed|BMH23M002
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BME63M001.git|Contributed|BME63M001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BML36M001.git|Contributed|BML36M001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMB22M210.git|Contributed|BMB22M210
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM22S3021-1.git|Contributed|BM22S3021-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM22S3031-1.git|Contributed|BM22S3031-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM22S3221-1.git|Contributed|BM22S3221-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMN31K522.git|Contributed|BMN31K522
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM52D5021-1.git|Contributed|BM52D5021-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM52D5121-1.git|Contributed|BM52D5121-1
https://github.com/thekakester/Arduino-LoRa-Sx1262.git|Contributed|LoraSx1262
https://github.com/holgerlembke/ESPFMfGK.git|Contributed|ESP32 File Manager for Generation Klick ESPFMfGK
https://github.com/Xylopyrographer/BooleanButton.git|Contributed|BooleanButton
https://github.com/lualtek/wisblock-io-extension-mini.git|Contributed|WBIOExtMini
https://github.com/Victor-Kalenda/LoRa_Library.git|Contributed|LoRa_Library
https://github.com/retrospy/OPT4048.git|Contributed|OPT4048
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD9833.git|Contributed|AD9833
https://github.com/engin100/980.git|Contributed|ENGR100-980
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_SSD1306.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_SSD1306
https://github.com/yasir-shahzad/AM4096.git|Contributed|AM4096
https://github.com/sciosense/ens220-arduino.git|Contributed|ScioSense_ENS220
https://gitlab.com/devgiants/embedded/arduino/libraries/jsn-sr-04t.git|Contributed|jsnsr04t
https://github.com/RobTillaart/VolumeConverter.git|Contributed|VolumeConverter
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_GPS.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_GPS
https://github.com/neittien0110/Soict_IoT_Labs.git|Contributed|Soict_IoT_Labs
https://github.com/RobTillaart/WaterMix.git|Contributed|WaterMix
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_TMAG5273_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun TMAG5273 Arduino Library
https://github.com/suratin27/MiniPLC_FX2N.git|Contributed|MiniPLC_FX2N
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_Protocol.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_Protocol
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MiniMP3.git|Contributed|MiniMP3
https://github.com/OkbaO/ST7565_LCD.git|Contributed|ST7565 LCD
https://github.com/XbergCode/MillisCounter.git|Contributed|MillisCounter
https://github.com/DenysChuhlib/PGMTools.git|Contributed|PGMTools
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SWSerialOut.git|Contributed|SWSerialOut
https://github.com/Makeblock-official/Makeblock-Libraries.git|Contributed|MakeBlockDrive
https://github.com/mjdonders/CST816_TouchLib.git|Contributed|CST816_TouchLib
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-GNSS.git|Contributed|M5Module-GNSS
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_POSIXStorage.git|Arduino|Arduino_POSIXStorage
https://github.com/BasPaap/Bas.Button.git|Contributed|Bas.Button
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_Compute.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_Compute
https://github.com/Dino-MLC-Board/DINI-PLC-V2.git|Contributed|DINO-PLC-V2
https://github.com/KOEGlike/AsyncButton.git|Contributed|AsyncButton
https://github.com/Obsttube/AES_CMAC.git|Contributed|AES_CMAC
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_UnifiedStorage.git|Arduino|Arduino_UnifiedStorage
https://github.com/Obsttube/MFRC522_NTAG424DNA.git|Contributed|MFRC522_NTAG424DNA
https://github.com/nthnn/PortaMob.git|Contributed|PortaMob
https://github.com/ktauchathuranga/morse-encoder.git|Contributed|MorseEncoder
https://github.com/rtnate/arduino-BasicTimer.git|Contributed|BasicTimer
https://github.com/Xylopyrographer/XP_Button.git|Contributed|XP_Button
https://github.com/dineshannayya/Riscduino_MCUFRIEND_kbv.git|Contributed|Riscduino_MCUFRIEND_kbv
https://github.com/stm32duino/STEVAL-MKBOXPRO-Audio.git|Contributed|STM32duino STEVAL-MKBOXPRO-Audio
https://github.com/stm32duino/STEVAL-MKBOXPRO-Examples.git|Contributed|STM32duino STEVAL-MKBOXPRO-Examples
https://github.com/levkovigor/DDSM115.git|Contributed|DDSM115
https://github.com/ahmedosama07/LineFollowerPID.git|Contributed|LineFollowerPID
https://github.com/inflop/Countimer.git|Contributed|Countimer
https://github.com/Open-Agriculture/AgIsoStack-Arduino.git|Contributed|AgIsoStack
https://github.com/OkbaO/KS0108_LCD.git|Contributed|KS0108_GLCD
https://github.com/dmadison/AnalogSelector-Arduino.git|Contributed|AnalogSelector
https://github.com/stm32duino/SHT40-AD1B.git|Contributed|STM32duino SHT40-AD1B
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM6DSO16IS.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM6DSO16IS
https://github.com/usk-johnny-s/UTF8_Print_AdaGfx.git|Contributed|UTF8 Print AdaGfx
https://github.com/ardnew/cronos.git|Contributed|cronos
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AGS02MA.git|Contributed|Adafruit AGS02MA
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_HUSB238.git|Contributed|Adafruit HUSB238 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/ENS160_driver.git|Contributed|ENS160 - Adafruit Fork
https://github.com/WeSpeakEnglish/ANTIRTOS.git|Contributed|ANTIRTOS
https://github.com/simonlmn/yatest.git|Contributed|yatest
https://gitlab.com/alexpr0/ssd1306wire.git|Contributed|SSD1306wire
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PulseDivider.git|Contributed|PulseDivider
https://github.com/ICRS/ICRS-101-Devkit.git|Contributed|ICRS 101
https://github.com/JayasinghePasan/Honeywell_SPI_FMA.git|Contributed|HoneyWellFMA_SPI
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Debounce.git|Contributed|Adafruit Debounce
https://github.com/swharden/NumberSpeaker.git|Contributed|NumberSpeaker
https://github.com/machinefi/w3bstream-client-arduino-ce.git|Contributed|W3bstreamClient
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverBeeper.git|Contributed|GyverBeeper
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverBlinker.git|Contributed|GyverBlinker
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD5680.git|Contributed|AD5680
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Stamp.git|Contributed|Stamp
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD568X.git|Contributed|AD568X
https://github.com/4dsystems/GFX4dESP32.git|Contributed|GFX4dESP32
https://github.com/oggysaud245/haversine.git|Contributed|haversine
https://github.com/sachinmunasinghe/FirebaseRealtime.git|Contributed|FirebaseRealtime
https://github.com/robertsallent/arduino_flanco.git|Contributed|Flanco
https://github.com/TikaFlow/UTF8ToGB2312.git|Contributed|UTF8ToGB2312
https://github.com/roelandkluit/Free-ESPatHome.git|Contributed|Free-ESPAtHome
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ATD1.47-S3-Lib.git|Contributed|ATD1.47-S3 Lib
https://github.com/lewisxhe/SensorLib.git|Contributed|SensorLib
https://github.com/fsender/readguy.git|Contributed|readguy
https://github.com/avivgr/IS31FL3729_LED_Matrix.git|Contributed|IS31FL3729_LED_Matrix
https://github.com/Andy4495/TIL306.git|Contributed|TIL306
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Dial.git|Contributed|M5Dial
https://github.com/thomasfredericks/M5_PbHub.git|Contributed|M5_PbHub
https://github.com/galarb/ButtonIRQ.git|Contributed|ButtonnIRQ
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/communication/firebase-arduino.git|Contributed|VEGA_FirebaseArduino
https://github.com/RobertByrnes/Emulation.git|Contributed|Emulation
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_GigaDisplay.git|Arduino|Arduino_GigaDisplay
https://github.com/marbalon/Eccel-C1.git|Contributed|Eccel-C1
https://github.com/Robotics-Competence-Center-Illertal-e-V/RocciBoard-Library.git|Contributed|RocciBoard-Library
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_I2CScan.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_I2CScan
https://github.com/richardsibanda/nonblockingtimer.git|Contributed|nonblockingtimer
https://github.com/LionBit-STEM-Board/lionBit-STEM-library.git|Contributed|LionBit-STEM-library
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_GigaDisplay_GFX.git|Arduino|Arduino_GigaDisplay_GFX
https://github.com/ReWire-LLC/rewire_max32664.git|Contributed|ReWire MAX32664 Biosensor Hub Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_OPT4048_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Color Sensor OPT4048
https://github.com/nbourre/Makeblock-Libraries.git|Contributed|MakeBlock Drive Updated
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AD569x.git|Contributed|Adafruit AD569x Library
https://github.com/ndroid/HC06_AT_CommandCenter.git|Contributed|HC0x_AT_Config
https://github.com/peetj/Nexgen_Rover.git|Contributed|Nexgen_Rover
https://github.com/lbirkert/asyncino.git|Contributed|asyncino
https://github.com/rtdgreg/TWI_GPS.git|Contributed|TWI_GPS
https://github.com/and900/AMYTOL_Robot.git|Contributed|AMYTOL_Robot
https://github.com/netnspace/CanSatNeXT_library.git|Contributed|CanSatNeXT
https://github.com/iMakeOfficial/iMakeBeta.git|Contributed|iMakeBeta
https://github.com/suratin27/PicoPLC.git|Contributed|PicoPLC
https://github.com/Kastara-Digital-Technology/Kadita.git|Contributed|Kadita
https://github.com/MaffooClock/ESP32RotaryEncoder.git|Contributed|ESP32RotaryEncoder
https://github.com/burksbuilds/PreferencesCLI.git|Contributed|PreferencesCLI
https://github.com/and900/Amytol_Sample.git|Contributed|Amytol_Sample
https://bitbucket.org/jezhill/SignalAcquisition.git|Contributed|SignalAcquisition
https://github.com/codeljo/AA_MCP2515.git|Contributed|AA_MCP2515
https://github.com/CIRCUITSTATE/CSE_ArduinoRS485.git|Contributed|CSE_ArduinoRS485
https://github.com/zvonler/DebouncedButton.git|Contributed|DebouncedButton
https://github.com/SemBeacon/arduino-esp32.git|Contributed|ESP32_SemBeacon
https://github.com/madhephaestus/ESP32WebRemoteControl.git|Contributed|ESP32WebRemoteControl
https://github.com/ddxfish/XPT2046_Bitbang_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|XPT2046_Bitbang
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_GigaDisplay_TinyGL.git|Arduino|Arduino_TinyGL
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ACD10.git|Contributed|ACD10
https://github.com/KurtE/ILI9341_t3n.git|Contributed|ILI9341_t3n
https://github.com/gillham/logic_analyzer.git|Contributed|LogicAnalyzer
https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Display_Panel.git|Contributed|ESP32_Display_Panel
https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_IO_Expander.git|Contributed|ESP32_IO_Expander
https://github.com/KurtE/UNOR4WMatrixGFX.git|Contributed|UNOR4WMatrixGFX
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Capsule.git|Contributed|M5Capsule
https://github.com/ito-soft-design/irboard_esp32.git|Contributed|irBoard Library for ESP32
https://github.com/ApophisXX/MyTimer.git|Contributed|MyTimer
https://github.com/kikuchan/pngle.git|Contributed|pngle
https://github.com/ProgrammingElectronicsAcademy/chatGPT-Arduino-library.git|Contributed|ChatGPTuino
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD5263.git|Contributed|AD5263
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Cardputer.git|Contributed|M5Cardputer
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_ScienceKitCarrier.git|Arduino|Arduino_ScienceKitCarrier
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VCNL4020.git|Contributed|Adafruit VCNL4020 Library
https://github.com/makerlabvn/Waterproof_Ultrasonic.git|Contributed|Waterproof_Ultrasonic
https://github.com/zvonler/CircuitPlaygroundGestures.git|Contributed|CircuitPlaygroundGestures
https://gitlab.com/F-Schmidt/ulm_weatherballoon.git|Contributed|Ulm_Weatherballoon
https://github.com/InterstitialTech/quadrant-lib.git|Contributed|Interstitial Quadrant
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_STHS34PF80_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun STHS34PF80 Arduino Library
https://github.com/tech-box-io/TB_TFT_eSPI.git|Contributed|TB_TFT_eSPI
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/DUE_ADC_Oversampler.git|Contributed|DUE_ADC_Oversampler
https://github.com/AITINKR/AITINKR_SHIELDS.git|Contributed|AITINKR_SHIELDS
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM25S3321-1.git|Contributed|BM25S3321-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM25S3221-1.git|Contributed|BM25S3221-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMC11T001.git|Contributed|BMC11T001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMP75M131.git|Contributed|BMP75M131
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMK52M134.git|Contributed|BMK52M134
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMV23M001.git|Contributed|BMV23M001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BME34M101.git|Contributed|BME34M101
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BME82M131.git|Contributed|BME82M131
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMS81M001.git|Contributed|BMS81M001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMD11M134.git|Contributed|BMD11M134
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMK22M131.git|Contributed|BMK22M131
https://github.com/vacmg/MAX_RS485.git|Contributed|MAX_RS485
https://github.com/Grovety/grc_arduino.git|Contributed|GRC_AI
https://github.com/chhorisberger/M5StackMenuSystem.git|Contributed|M5StackMenuSystem
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-IKS4A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-IKS4A1
https://github.com/nthnn/SIM900.git|Contributed|SIM900
https://github.com/TomergitH/Gyro_Tomer.git|Contributed|Gyro_Tomer
https://github.com/AITINKR/AITINKR_AIOT_DEVBOARD.git|Contributed|AITINKR_AIOT_DEVBOARD
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-LoRa-E220-JP.git|Contributed|M5-LoRa-E220-JP
https://github.com/segertonGH/Creative-Robotix-Educational-Platform-Arduino.git|Contributed|CreativeRobotix
https://github.com/bin2ai/zeeprom.git|Contributed|ZEEPROM
https://github.com/Finndersen/LEDuino.git|Contributed|LEDuino
https://github.com/AlfredoMunguia/TinyGuixhe.git|Contributed|TinyGuixhe
https://github.com/skathir38/ArduinoSplash.git|Contributed|Splash
https://github.com/CIRCUITSTATE/CSE_ModbusRTU.git|Contributed|CSE_ModbusRTU
https://github.com/ichirowo/FLINT_E220_900T22S_JP_Library.git|Contributed|FLINT_E220-900T22S-JP
https://github.com/Tenveis/SimpleControl.git|Contributed|SimpleControl
https://github.com/PTSolns/PTSolns_I2CBackpack.git|Contributed|PTSolns_I2CBackpack
https://github.com/InsightLabTools/RPulse.git|Contributed|RPulse
https://github.com/satspares/DWIN_DGUS_HMI.git|Contributed|Satspares_DWIN_DGUS_HMI
https://github.com/zimbora/esp32-BLE112.git|Contributed|esp32-BLE112
https://github.com/zimbora/esp32-modem-freeRTOS.git|Contributed|modem-freeRTOS
https://github.com/zimbora/esp32-ModbusRTU.git|Contributed|modbusrtu
https://github.com/joshua-8/TMC5072.git|Contributed|TMC5072
https://github.com/sivaadchu/SmartCard.git|Contributed|SmartCard
https://github.com/zimbora/esp32-sysfile.git|Contributed|sysfile
https://github.com/zimbora/esp32-alarm.git|Contributed|alarm
https://github.com/zimbora/esp32-autorequest.git|Contributed|autorequest
https://github.com/Khuuxuanngoc/DHT-sensor-library.git|Contributed|DHT kxn
https://github.com/makerlabvn/Makerlabvn_SimpleMotor.git|Contributed|Makerlabvn_SimpleMotor
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_INA228.git|Contributed|Adafruit INA228 Library
https://github.com/Picovoice/picovoice-arduino-fa.git|Contributed|Picovoice_FA
https://github.com/Picovoice/porcupine-arduino-fa.git|Contributed|Porcupine_FA
https://github.com/PTSolns/PTSolns_microWatt.git|Contributed|PTSolns_microWatt
https://github.com/XbergCode/DateTimeFunctions.git|Contributed|DateTimeFunctions
https://github.com/PeaPodTechnologies/ControlSystemsOS.git|Contributed|ControlSystemsOS
https://github.com/PeaPodTechnologies/FiniteStateMachine.git|Contributed|FiniteStateMachine
https://github.com/Ev-13/StopLoop-Library.git|Contributed|StopLoop
https://github.com/hasenradball/DS3231-RTC.git|Contributed|DS3231-RTC
https://github.com/hasenradball/Bosch_BME280_Arduino.git|Contributed|Bosch_BME280_Arduino
https://github.com/gemi254/ControlAssist-ESP32-ESP8266.git|Contributed|ControlAssist
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-Thermocouples-Library.git|Contributed|SM_TC
https://github.com/philsilvers/mergCBUS.git|Contributed|mergCBUS
https://github.com/Nolven/ftp32.git|Contributed|ftp32
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/Blues-Minimal-I2C.git|Contributed|Blues-Minimal-I2C
https://github.com/kaiaai/arduino_pid_timed.git|Contributed|PID_Timed
https://github.com/gewisser/GyverOLEDMenu.git|Contributed|GyverOLEDMenu
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-LAN-13.2.git|Contributed|M5Module-LAN-13.2
https://github.com/Bridgetek/RP2040-BrtEve.git|Contributed|RP2040-BrtEve
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_WS2812.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_WS2812
https://github.com/Excelsior-Robotics/Excelsior_Ambassador.git|Contributed|Excelsior_Ambassador
https://github.com/Longan-Labs/Arduino_CAN_BUS_MCP2515.git|Contributed|mcp_canbus
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CST8XX_Library.git|Contributed|Adafruit CST8XX Library
https://github.com/dcondrey/MicrostepToLinear.git|Contributed|MicrostepToLinear
https://github.com/kotwatthana/WebServerFileUpload.git|Contributed|WebServerFileUpload
https://github.com/lysek01/ModbusPowerMeter.git|Contributed|ModbusPowerMeter
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-IMU-Pro-Mini.git|Contributed|M5Unit-IMU-Pro-Mini
https://github.com/marcin-filipiak/DeviceConfigJSON.git|Contributed|DeviceConfigJSON
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ADS7830.git|Contributed|Adafruit ADS7830
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Pairs.git|Contributed|Pairs
https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Knob.git|Contributed|ESP32_Knob
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_HD44780.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_HD44780
https://github.com/GoodFilling/Motor-Driver.git|Contributed|DRV8251-Driver
https://github.com/jonnybergdahl/Arduino_JBLogger_Library.git|Contributed|JBLogger
https://github.com/pg-goose/MKRWiFiLed.git|Contributed|MKRWiFiLed
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Faux86.git|Contributed|Adafruit Faux86
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-bits.git|Contributed|bits_asukiaaa
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-enum.git|Contributed|enum_asukiaaa
https://github.com/ILoveMemes/SoftwareTimer.git|Contributed|SoftwareTimer
https://github.com/SEGGERMicro/emWin-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|emWin
https://github.com/Zhu-jiatong/SQLiteDatabaseManager.git|Contributed|SQLiteDatabaseConnection
https://github.com/Zhu-jiatong/CredentialManager.git|Contributed|CredentialManager
https://github.com/Zhu-jiatong/SessionManager.git|Contributed|SessionManager
https://github.com/kevinlutzer/Arduino-PM1006K.git|Contributed|PM1006K
https://github.com/netnspace/CanSatNeXT_GNSS.git|Contributed|CanSatNeXT_GNSS
https://github.com/MaffooClock/DFR_Radar.git|Contributed|DFR_Radar
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverIO.git|Contributed|GyverIO
https://github.com/zimbora/ESP32Logger2.git|Contributed|ESP32Logger2
https://github.com/HITISoftware/HITIComm.git|Contributed|HITIComm
https://github.com/HITISoftware/HITICommSupport.git|Contributed|HITICommSupport
https://github.com/CuriousScientist0/ADS1256.git|Contributed|ADS1256
https://github.com/franeum/MicroMidiPot.git|Contributed|MicroMidiPot
https://github.com/Zhu-jiatong/FilesystemUtility.git|Contributed|FilesystemUtility
https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_Button.git|Contributed|ESP32_Button
https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/ESP32_USB_Stream.git|Contributed|ESP32_USB_STREAM
https://github.com/Zhu-jiatong/AccessPermissionManager.git|Contributed|AccessPermissionManager
https://github.com/franeum/MicroMidiEnc.git|Contributed|MicroMidiEnc
https://github.com/Acrome-Smart-Motion-Devices/SMD-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Acrome-SMD
https://github.com/Zhu-jiatong/FilesystemAccessInterface.git|Contributed|FilesystemAccessInterface
https://github.com/hasenradball/NINA-Wi-Fi.git|Contributed|NINA-Wi-Fi
https://github.com/GOB52/gob_unifiedButton.git|Contributed|gob_unifiedButton
https://github.com/madhephaestus/EasyBNO055_ESP.git|Contributed|EasyBNO055 ESP
https://github.com/Robox-Robotics/Grove-Offline-Voice-Recognition-Module.git|Contributed|Seeed-GroveOfflineVoiceRecognition
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_DHT11.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_DHT11
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/display/vega_sh1106.git|Contributed|VEGA_SH1106
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_DHT22.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_DHT22
https://github.com/pxsty0/deneyap.telegram.git|Contributed|Deneyap Telegram
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverSegment.git|Contributed|GyverSegment
https://github.com/zvonler/DebouncedLDR.git|Contributed|DebouncedLDR
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/PicoSoftwareSerial.git|Contributed|PicoSoftwareSerial
https://github.com/ahmedarif193/Hlw8032.git|Contributed|Hlw8032
https://github.com/jmparatte/jm_crc-ccitt.git|Contributed|jm_crc-ccitt
https://github.com/ArduinoSapienza/VibrationMotor.git|Contributed|VibrationMotor
https://github.com/cotestatnt/async-esp-fs-webserver.git|Contributed|AsyncEspFsWebserver
https://github.com/eb1992/ShiftLcd.git|Contributed|ShiftLcd
https://github.com/jfjlaros/array-helpers.git|Contributed|array-helpers
https://github.com/ArduinoSapienza/DCMotor.git|Contributed|DCMotor
https://github.com/hpsaturn/espnow-joystick.git|Contributed|EspNowJoystick
https://github.com/boeserfrosch/GuL_Plantower.git|Contributed|GuL_Plantower
https://github.com/jonnybergdahl/Arduino_JBWopr_Library.git|Contributed|JBWopr
https://github.com/Zeppelin500/MBusinoLib.git|Contributed|MBusinoLib
https://github.com/hasenradball/AM2302-Sensor.git|Contributed|AM2302-Sensor
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-ToF4M.git|Contributed|M5Unit-ToF4M
https://github.com/MOMIZICH/Shift_Register_Controller.git|Contributed|ShiftRegisterController
https://github.com/boeserfrosch/GuL_NovaFitness.git|Contributed|GuL_NovaFitness
https://github.com/sensebox/senseBoxBLE.git|Contributed|SenseBoxBLE
https://github.com/franeum/MicroMidiDevices.git|Contributed|MicroMidiDevices
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_FT5336.git|Contributed|Adafruit FT5336
https://github.com/Networking-for-Arduino/NetApiHelpers.git|Contributed|NetApiHelpers
https://github.com/pxsty0/deneyapkart.agent.lib.git|Contributed|Deneyap Kart IDE Ornekler
https://github.com/franeum/TI_SN76489.git|Contributed|TI_SN76489
https://github.com/AdamJHowell/ArrayManager.git|Contributed|FloatArrayManager
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_LineNotify.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_LineNotify
https://github.com/skyfroger/RLab.git|Contributed|RLab
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_time.git|Contributed|roo_time
https://github.com/alkonosst/SettingsManagerESP32.git|Contributed|SettingsManagerESP32
https://github.com/Frai13/EasIno.git|Contributed|EasIno
https://github.com/boeserfrosch/GuL_TI_Humidity.git|Contributed|GuL_TI_Humidity_HDC10XX
https://github.com/dev-board-tech/lvglCpp.git|Contributed|lvglCpp
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_collections.git|Contributed|roo_collections
https://github.com/facts-engineering/PCF8563_RTC.git|Contributed|PCF8563_RTC
https://github.com/facts-engineering/AT24MAC_EEPROM.git|Contributed|ATMAC_EEPROM
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_scheduler.git|Contributed|roo_scheduler
https://github.com/GreenLeafLocal/HydroinoJobMgr.git|Contributed|HydroinoJobMgr
https://github.com/arduino279/DirectCurrent-Motor-Module.git|Contributed|DirectCurrent_Motor_Module
https://github.com/hoeken/PsychicHttp.git|Contributed|PsychicHttp
https://github.com/rm5248/m95-eeprom-arduino.git|Contributed|M95_EEPROM
https://github.com/DefHam140/IOTClient.git|Contributed|IOTClient
https://github.com/allexoK/TinyDecisionTreeClassifier.git|Contributed|TinyDecisionTreeClassifier
https://github.com/hasenradball/LCD-I2C.git|Contributed|LCD-I2C
https://github.com/RobTillaart/NeumannCorrector.git|Contributed|NeumannCorrector
https://github.com/kamilpajak/VirtualTherm.git|Contributed|VirtualTherm
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_display.git|Contributed|roo_display
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_material_icons.git|Contributed|roo_material_icons
https://github.com/joshua-8/TMC7300.git|Contributed|TMC7300
https://github.com/chrmlinux/tinyCommand.git|Contributed|tinyCommand
https://github.com/KurtE/MemoryHexDump.git|Contributed|MemoryHexDump
https://github.com/nthnn/microlzw.git|Contributed|microlzw
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/EloquentTensorFlow32.git|Contributed|EloquentTensorFlow32
https://github.com/arduino279/Servo-Motor-Module.git|Contributed|Servo_Motor_Module
https://github.com/rnrobles/esc-thermal-printer-ble.git|Contributed|ESC Thermal Printer BLE
https://github.com/DCC-EX/DCCEXProtocol.git|Contributed|DCCEXProtocol
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ATD3.5-S3_Library.git|Contributed|ATD3.5-S3
https://github.com/AlfredoSystems/PestoLink-Receive.git|Contributed|PestoLink-Receive
https://github.com/arduino279/Serial-Monitor.git|Contributed|Serial_Monitor
https://github.com/amiga68k/electuno.git|Contributed|electuno
https://github.com/s-light/slight_mapping.git|Contributed|slight_mapping
https://github.com/s-light/slight_easing.git|Contributed|slight_easing
https://github.com/NicolasNewman/ArgParse.git|Contributed|ArgParse
https://github.com/alireza7575/MKS_SERVO57.git|Contributed|MKS_SERVO57
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Toolkit.git|Contributed|SparkFun Toolkit
https://github.com/reiniiriarios/arduino-mqtt-looped.git|Contributed|MQTT_Looped
https://github.com/littleBitsman/Asynchrony.git|Contributed|Asynchrony
https://github.com/PU2REO/Si5351ArduinoLite.git|Contributed|PU2REO Si5351ArduinoLite
https://github.com/Sam4uk/CRSF.git|Contributed|CRSF
https://github.com/hpsaturn/MultiFuncShield-Library.git|Contributed|MultiFuncShield
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_PF1550.git|Arduino|Arduino_PF1550
https://github.com/DavidHurtadoBanda/Salesforce-Library.git|Contributed|Salesforce
https://github.com/m5stack/M5StickCPlus2.git|Contributed|M5StickCPlus2
https://github.com/he0119/arduino-miio.git|Contributed|SerialMIIO
https://github.com/cotestatnt/Arduino-MySQL.git|Contributed|MySQL Query Client
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCA9549.git|Contributed|PCA9549
https://github.com/m-shintaro/RTC_RX8025NB.git|Contributed|RTC_RX8025NB
https://github.com/sh123/esp32_opus_arduino.git|Contributed|esp32_opus
https://github.com/DarkWizarD24/fmt-arduino.git|Contributed|fmt
https://github.com/tatemazer/AcaiaArduinoBLE.git|Contributed|AcaiaArduinoBLE
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AS7331_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun AS7331 Arduino Library
https://github.com/felias-fogg/FlexWire.git|Contributed|FlexWire
https://github.com/WilliamMS-git/ADXL372.git|Contributed|ADXL372
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Unicore_GNSS_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun UM980 Triband RTK GNSS Arduino Library
https://github.com/CoreX-IoT/corex-firmware.git|Contributed|CoreX
https://github.com/TheNitek/XPT2046_Bitbang_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|XPT2046_Bitbang_Slim
https://github.com/handmade0octopus/ESP32-TWAI-CAN.git|Contributed|ESP32-TWAI-CAN
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MCP3421.git|Contributed|Adafruit MCP3421
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_xCA9554.git|Contributed|Adafruit XCA9554
https://github.com/RobTillaart/I2C_LCD.git|Contributed|I2C_LCD
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_flags.git|Contributed|roo_flags
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_logging.git|Contributed|roo_logging
https://github.com/AsproCompany/AsproSolarShield.git|Contributed|AsproSolarShield
https://github.com/scheffield/sic45x-driver.git|Contributed|SiC45xDriver
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_PyCamera.git|Contributed|Adafruit PyCamera Library
https://github.com/GabyGold67/SevenSegDisplaysRTOSLib.git|Contributed|SevenSegDisplays
https://github.com/RobTillaart/geomath.git|Contributed|geomath
https://github.com/randomouscrap98/arduboy_raycast.git|Contributed|ArduboyRaycast
https://github.com/Xinyuan-LilyGO/LilyGo-AMOLED-Series.git|Contributed|LilyGo-AMOLED-Series
https://github.com/alireza7575/MKS_SERVO42.git|Contributed|MKS_SERVO42
https://github.com/GyverLibs/StringUtils.git|Contributed|StringUtils
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Ultrasonic_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Ultrasonic Arduino Library
https://github.com/usblink/waver.git|Contributed|waver
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP_POT.git|Contributed|MCP_POT
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GSON.git|Contributed|GSON
https://github.com/siroshy/MovingPlatform.git|Contributed|MovingPlatform
https://github.com/rogerjames99/json2asw-arduino.git|Contributed|json2asw
https://github.com/AlexandreHiroyuki/DataTome.git|Contributed|DataTome
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MS5837.git|Contributed|MS5837
https://github.com/afpineda/NuS-NimBLE-Serial.git|Contributed|NuS-NimBLE-Serial
https://github.com/aelmendorf/eeprom_wear_level.git|Contributed|EEPROM_WL
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD5248.git|Contributed|AD5248
https://github.com/nhluan37/SerialMP3.git|Contributed|SerialMP3
https://github.com/RobTillaart/KT0803.git|Contributed|KT0803
https://github.com/noranraskin/MT6701.git|Contributed|MT6701
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/EloquentTensorFlowCortexM.git|Contributed|EloquentTensorFlowCortexM
https://github.com/smolltalk/FileConfig.git|Contributed|FileConfig
https://github.com/Crazy-Max-Blog/CrazyHC595.git|Contributed|CrazyHC595
https://github.com/kmilo17pet/qlibs-cpp.git|Contributed|qlibs
https://github.com/GuruSR/SmallRTC.git|Contributed|SmallRTC
https://github.com/shigobu/CH9329_Keyboard.git|Contributed|CH9329_Keyboard
https://github.com/mkeras/pubsubclient.git|Contributed|PubSubClient_iiot
https://github.com/H1Jam/Bind.git|Contributed|Bind
https://github.com/pxsty0/pxserv.arduino.git|Contributed|PxServ
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_icons.git|Contributed|roo_icons
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DS2401.git|Contributed|DS2401
https://github.com/martinvichnal/AntiDelay.git|Contributed|AntiDelay
https://github.com/karol-brejna-i/RemoteDebug.git|Contributed|RemoteDebug2
https://github.com/thelastoutpostworkshop/gpio_viewer.git|Contributed|GPIOViewer
https://github.com/firefly-cpp/TCXWriter.git|Contributed|TCXWriter
https://github.com/ojx/GigaAudio.git|Contributed|GigaAudio
https://github.com/BelaPlatform/Trill-Arduino.git|Contributed|Trill
https://github.com/smartpanle/PanelLan_esp32_arduino.git|Contributed|PanelLan
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/tflm_esp32.git|Contributed|tflm_esp32
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/tflm_cortexm.git|Contributed|tflm_cortexm
https://github.com/okalachev/mavlink-arduino.git|Contributed|MAVLink
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/eloquent_rtls.git|Contributed|EloquentRTLS
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Logistic.git|Contributed|Logistic
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_u-blox_Cellular_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun u-blox Cellular Arduino Library
https://github.com/rppicomidi/usb_midi_host.git|Contributed|usb_midi_host
https://github.com/dok-net/ghostl.git|Contributed|ghostl
https://github.com/bertbaron/arduino-animation-library.git|Contributed|MicroAnimation
https://github.com/rppicomidi/EZ_USB_MIDI_HOST.git|Contributed|EZ_USB_MIDI_HOST
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverShift.git|Contributed|GyverShift
https://github.com/men100/MJScore.git|Contributed|MJScore
https://github.com/u-fire/HABridge.git|Contributed|Microfire_HABridge
https://github.com/Dono7/DonoLed.git|Contributed|DonoLed
https://github.com/tort32/PxMatrix.git|Contributed|PxMatrix-1R
https://github.com/remocons/iosignal-arduino.git|Contributed|IOSignal
https://github.com/Bexin3/SpeeduinoGL.git|Contributed|SpeeduinoGL
https://github.com/Mewtry/TCS230_ESP32.git|Contributed|TCS230_ESP32
https://github.com/MicrochipTech/RNBD451_BLE_ARDUINO_LIBRARY.git|Contributed|Microchip_RNBD451
https://github.com/teamprof/arduprof.git|Contributed|ArduProf
https://github.com/sciosense/ens16x-arduino.git|Contributed|ScioSense_ENS16x
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/eloquent_edgeimpulse.git|Contributed|Eloquent_EdgeImpulse
https://github.com/pkyanam/ArduRoomba.git|Contributed|ArduRoomba
https://github.com/engin100/950.git|Contributed|ENGR100-950
https://github.com/lacamera/ESPAsyncWebServer.git|Contributed|ESPAsyncWebServer
https://github.com/lmtreser/Robotec.git|Contributed|Robotec
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PwFusion_I2C_Encoder_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|PwFusion_I2C_Encoder_Arduino_Library
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PwFusion_Data_Transfer.git|Contributed|PwFusion_Data_Transfer
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PwFusion_I2C_Toggle_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|PwFusion_I2C_Toggle_Arduino_Library
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PwFusion_I2C_Buttons_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|PwFusion_I2C_Buttons_Arduino_Library
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PwFusion_I2C_Joystick_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|PwFusion_I2C_Joystick_Arduino_Library
https://github.com/cschorn01/2.4GHz_Lora_for_Arduino.git|Contributed|sx1280OverSpi
https://github.com/ripred/Bang.git|Contributed|Bang
https://github.com/nihinihikun/E220-900T22S-JP_Arduino.git|Contributed|E220-900T22S-JP
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADC081S.git|Contributed|ADC081S
https://github.com/N4rcissist/OtaHelper.git|Contributed|OtaHelper
https://github.com/PU2REO/PU2REO_Si570.git|Contributed|PU2REO_Si570
https://github.com/PU2REO/PU2REO_AD9851.git|Contributed|PU2REO_AD9851
https://github.com/pk17r/PushButtonTaps.git|Contributed|PushButtonTaps
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADC08XS.git|Contributed|ADC08XS
https://github.com/PaulNTU/Wizibot_VescMotorController.git|Contributed|VescMotorController
https://github.com/alekseizarubin/CD22M3494EZ.git|Contributed|CD22M3494EZ
https://github.com/simonlmn/esp-iot-core.git|Contributed|esp-iot-core
https://github.com/simonlmn/gpiobj.git|Contributed|gpiobj
https://github.com/yhur/ConfigPortal32.git|Contributed|ConfigPortal32
https://github.com/yhur/ConfigPortal8266.git|Contributed|ConfigPortal8266
https://github.com/simonlmn/serial-transport.git|Contributed|serial-transport
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_PCF8574.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_PCF8574
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_PortentaMachineControl.git|Arduino|Arduino_PortentaMachineControl
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/eloquent_esp32cam_remote.git|Contributed|eloquent_remote
https://github.com/mkeras/BasicTag.git|Contributed|BasicTag
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_LCD1602_I2C.git|Contributed|Bonezegei LCD1602 I2C
https://github.com/remocons/remocon-arduino.git|Contributed|Remocon
https://github.com/nguyenmanhthao996tn/Kionix_KX023.git|Contributed|Kionix_KX023
https://github.com/pmassio/ArduinoLMI.git|Contributed|LMI
https://github.com/TobiGr/SimplifiedTimer.git|Contributed|SimplifiedTimer
https://github.com/AlfredoSystems/Alfredo-NoU3.git|Contributed|Alfredo-NoU3
https://github.com/AlfredoSystems/AlfredoCRSF.git|Contributed|AlfredoCRSF
https://github.com/AlfredoSystems/SimpleMelt.git|Contributed|SimpleMelt
https://github.com/fyrus7/RTC3231.git|Contributed|RTC3231
https://github.com/nthnn/diwa.git|Contributed|diwa
https://github.com/aniket-hpp/TFT_eSPI_Scroll.git|Contributed|TFT_eSPI_Scroll
https://github.com/dndg/Finder7M.git|Contributed|Finder 7M for Finder Opta
https://github.com/dndg/Finder6M.git|Contributed|Finder 6M for Finder Opta
https://github.com/kaiaai/LDS.git|Contributed|LDS
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaLogger.git|Contributed|MycilaLogger
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaConfig.git|Contributed|MycilaConfig
https://github.com/xreef/EByte_RF_E70_Series_Library.git|Contributed|EByte RF E70 library
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaJSY.git|Contributed|MycilaJSY
https://github.com/ESP32Async/ESPAsyncWebServer.git|Contributed|ESP Async WebServer
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaESPConnect.git|Contributed|MycilaESPConnect
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaRelay.git|Contributed|MycilaRelay
https://github.com/ReneRichterDE/ButtonMatrix.git|Contributed|ButtonMatrix
https://github.com/mjbots/moteus-arduino.git|Contributed|Moteus
https://github.com/chrisneukam/MidiDmxBridge.git|Contributed|MidiDmxBridge
https://github.com/danmowehhuk/AD75019.git|Contributed|AD75019
https://github.com/Xinyuan-LilyGO/LilyGo-T-RGB.git|Contributed|LilyGo-T-RGB
https://github.com/FabioNMI/fancyTerminal.git|Contributed|FancyTerminal
https://gitlab.com/riscv-vega/vega-sensor-libraries/communication/vega_arduinoble.git|Contributed|VEGA_ArduinoBLE
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaTaskMonitor.git|Contributed|MycilaTaskMonitor
https://github.com/SALITIBI/WMS7202DigitalPotentiometer.git|Contributed|WMS7202
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaNTP.git|Contributed|MycilaNTP
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DS2438.git|Contributed|DS2438
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_DS3231.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_DS3231
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaHADiscovery.git|Contributed|MycilaHADiscovery
https://github.com/holgerlembke/st7567sfGK.git|Contributed|st7567sfGK 128x64 i2c LCD driver for Generation Klick
https://github.com/t-oot/ESP32-PTQS1005.git|Contributed|ESP32-PTQS1005
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaMQTT.git|Contributed|MycilaMQTT
https://github.com/hpsaturn/esp32s3-cam.git|Contributed|EspNowCam
https://github.com/AhmedYousryM/NonBlockingSequence.git|Contributed|NonBlockingSequence
https://github.com/DEIS-Tools/CLAIRE-library.git|Contributed|CLAIRE
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-WindSensorHWD.git|Contributed|WindSensorHWD_asukiaaa
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MAX471_RT.git|Contributed|MAX471_RT
https://github.com/danmowehhuk/Eventuino.git|Contributed|Eventuino
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/RAKwireless_RAK14000_EPD_2_13.git|Contributed|RAK14000_EPD
https://github.com/simonlmn/jsons.git|Contributed|jsons
https://github.com/simonlmn/toolbox.git|Contributed|toolbox
https://github.com/anthonyshibitov/text1306.git|Contributed|text1306
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Atomic-Motion.git|Contributed|M5Atomic-Motion
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-QRCode.git|Contributed|M5UnitQRCode
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-Synth.git|Contributed|M5UnitSynth
https://github.com/BenCestMoiQuoi/I2C_Insarianne.git|Contributed|I2C_Insarianne
https://github.com/mkeras/EmbeddedSparkplugNode.git|Contributed|EmbeddedSparkplugNode
https://github.com/Malih002/Klinik-Encoder.git|Contributed|KLEncoder
https://github.com/RobTillaart/map2bits.git|Contributed|map2bits
https://github.com/PinoRinaudo/DoublyLinkedList.git|Contributed|DoublyLinkedList
https://github.com/latchdevel/RemoteSensor.git|Contributed|RemoteSensor
https://github.com/RobTillaart/CHT8310.git|Contributed|CHT8310
https://github.com/llschall/ardwloop-ino.git|Contributed|Ardwloop
https://github.com/todbot/TouchyTouch.git|Contributed|TouchyTouch
https://github.com/ProjectNeura/LEADS-Arduino.git|Contributed|LEADS
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DS3232.git|Contributed|DS3232
https://github.com/CodingArray/CA_MotorShield_V1_Library.git|Contributed|CodingArray MotorShield V1 Library
https://github.com/handmade0octopus/ds2.git|Contributed|DS2
https://github.com/Blue-Crescent/JJYReceiver.git|Contributed|JJYReceiver
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_LCD2004_I2C.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_LCD2004_I2C
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaEasyDisplay.git|Contributed|MycilaEasyDisplay
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaTrial.git|Contributed|MycilaTrial
https://github.com/io7lab/IO7F8266.git|Contributed|IO7F8266
https://github.com/io7lab/IO7F32.git|Contributed|IO7F32
https://github.com/kenichi884/M5StackToio.git|Contributed|M5StackToio
https://github.com/RobTillaart/INA3221_RT.git|Contributed|INA3221_RT
https://github.com/HackerNowful/BLEHID-SD.git|Contributed|blesdlib
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_DS1307.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_DS1307
https://github.com/sitronlabs/SitronLabs_Weikai_WK2132_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Sitron Labs WK2132 Arduino Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_ADG72x.git|Contributed|Adafruit ADG72x
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_ADS1219_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun ADS1219 Arduino Library
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_SecureElement.git|Arduino|Arduino_SecureElement
https://github.com/sitronlabs/SitronLabs_Enedis_TIC_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Sitron Labs TIC Arduino Library
https://github.com/sitronlabs/SitronLabs_Sitronix_ST75256_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Sitron Labs ST75256 Arduino Library
https://github.com/thelastoutpostworkshop/virtualScreen.git|Contributed|VirtualScreen
https://github.com/gizmo-platform/ArduinoGizmo.git|Contributed|Gizmo
https://github.com/lualtek/lualtek-rakrui.git|Contributed|LualtekRAKRUI
https://github.com/ropg/OOKwiz.git|Contributed|OOKwiz
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BQ40Z50_Battery_Manager_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BQ40Z50 Battery Manager Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Extensible_Message_Parser.git|Contributed|SparkFun Extensible Message Parser
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_Buzzer_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic Buzzer Library
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_SimpleFTPServer.git|Contributed|EmotiBit SimpleFTPServer
https://github.com/sitronlabs/SitronLabs_SinoWealth_SH1106_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Sitron Labs SH1106 Arduino Library
https://github.com/The-Randalorian/Rando-HX711-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Rando HX711 Library
https://github.com/teddokano/BusRepeater_NXP_Arduino.git|Contributed|BusRepeater_NXP_Arduino
https://github.com/tdk-invn-oss/pressure.arduino.ICP101XX.git|Contributed|ICP101xx
https://github.com/nruin7/Arduino-XBox-Controller-Handler.git|Contributed|XBoxControllerHandler
https://github.com/Sam4uk/Password.git|Contributed|Password
https://github.com/mbrugman67/Uno-Minimal-HUB75.git|Contributed|Uno_HUB75_Driver
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaTaskManager.git|Contributed|MycilaTaskManager
https://github.com/gpb01/R4SwRTC.git|Contributed|r4SwRTC
https://github.com/derekcurry/super_easing.git|Contributed|super_easing
https://github.com/byrmeng/DeneyapKart.QRCodeReader.git|Contributed|Deneyap Kart QRCodeReader
https://github.com/Jens3382/xy6020l.git|Contributed|xy6020l
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/ArduinoArrayList.git|Contributed|ArrayList
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/ArduinoDoubleLinkedList.git|Contributed|DoubleLinkedList
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/ArduinoLinkedList.git|Contributed|BasicLinkedList
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/SimpleVector.git|Contributed|SimpleVector
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/ArduinoSDList.git|Contributed|SDList
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/ArduinoHashtable.git|Contributed|Hashtable
https://github.com/SylvainMontagny/LoRaE5.git|Contributed|LoRaWAN-Seeed-Grove-Wio-E5
https://github.com/qqqlab/madflight.git|Contributed|madflight
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/ArduinoTimer.git|Contributed|SuperTimers
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/SimpleProperties.git|Contributed|SimpleProperties
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/UnorderedMap.git|Contributed|UnorderedMap
https://github.com/teddokano/BusInOut_Arduino.git|Contributed|BusInOut_Arduino
https://github.com/teddokano/Potentiometer_ADI_Arduino.git|Contributed|Potentiometer_ADI_Arduino
https://github.com/MJBeltran13/Bucopi_library.git|Contributed|BUCO-PI
https://github.com/teddokano/LevelShifter_NXP_Arduino.git|Contributed|LevelShifter_NXP_Arduino
https://github.com/karolis1115/FTPduino.git|Contributed|FTPduino
https://github.com/tabahi/ESP-Wifi-Config.git|Contributed|ESP-Wifi-Config
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaPZEM004Tv3.git|Contributed|MycilaPZEM004Tv3
https://github.com/koendv/FloatToAscii.git|Contributed|FloatToAscii
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-Library.git|Contributed|MentorBit-Library
https://github.com/lualtek/buttino-rak.git|Contributed|ButtinoRAK
https://github.com/tomcombriat/FixMath.git|Contributed|FixMath
https://github.com/teddokano/EEPROM_STM_Arduino.git|Contributed|EEPROM_STM_Arduino
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM22S3421-1.git|Contributed|BM22S3421-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM25S3421-1.git|Contributed|BM25S3421-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM42S5321-1.git|Contributed|BM42S5321-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMV36T001.git|Contributed|BMV36T001
https://github.com/tdk-invn-oss/pressure.arduino.ICP201XX.git|Contributed|ICP201xx
https://github.com/RobTillaart/74HC138.git|Contributed|74HC138
https://github.com/RobTillaart/74HC154.git|Contributed|74HC154
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-16digin-Library.git|Contributed|SM_16DIGIN
https://github.com/yishii/Meiro.git|Contributed|Meiro
https://github.com/Abhijeetbyte/StreamLog.git|Contributed|StreamLog
https://github.com/StefanHerald/Timing.git|Contributed|SimpleTiming
https://bitbucket.org/logsdonj/rl_tonesongplayer.git|Contributed|RL_ToneSongPlayer
https://github.com/x0x0200/VARSTEP_ultrasonic.git|Contributed|HCSR04 ultrasonic distance sensor
https://github.com/IlikeChooros/lazyjson.git|Contributed|lazyjson
https://github.com/The-Young-Maker/OpenMenuOS.git|Contributed|OpenMenuOS
https://github.com/hex705/Scissors.git|Contributed|Scissors
https://github.com/hex705/Glue.git|Contributed|Glue
https://github.com/winghoko/simpleEvents.git|Contributed|simpleEvents
https://github.com/Destination-SPACE/DS_MCP4018_Library.git|Contributed|DS MCP4018 Library
https://github.com/Destination-SPACE/DS_PCA9536_Library.git|Contributed|DS PCA9536 Library
https://github.com/dennisfrett/Arduino-Direct-NEC-Transmitter.git|Contributed|DirectNECTransmitter
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_DRV8825.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_DRV8825
https://github.com/cotestatnt/AgileStateMachine.git|Contributed|AgileStateMachine
https://github.com/tdk-invn-oss/ultrasonic.arduino.ICUX0201.git|Contributed|ICUX0201
https://github.com/dlyckelid/HDC2010.git|Contributed|HDC2010
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-upt-i2c-auto-detection.git|Contributed|Sensirion UPT I2C Auto Detection
https://github.com/PowerFeather/powerfeather-sdk.git|Contributed|PowerFeather-SDK
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_ULN2003_Stepper.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_ULN2003_Stepper
https://github.com/AdvancerTechnologies/MyoWare-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|MyoWare Arduino Library
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_PCA9685.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_PCA9685
https://github.com/RaffaeleMorganti/protectedAES.git|Contributed|protectedAES
https://github.com/ropg/ESP32_RTC_EEPROM.git|Contributed|ESP32_RTC_EEPROM
https://github.com/ropg/heltec_esp32_lora_v3.git|Contributed|Heltec_ESP32_LoRa_v3
https://github.com/WitsanuP/WitsanuDotH.git|Contributed|Witsanu
https://github.com/blackhack/LittleVector.git|Contributed|LittleVector
https://github.com/ALICHOUCHENE/Qmi8658c.git|Contributed|Qmi8658c
https://github.com/x-radio/EEBoom.git|Contributed|EEBoom
https://github.com/zumatt/Supabase-Arduino.git|Contributed|Connect Arduino-Supabase
https://github.com/ojw5014/OpenJigWare_A.git|Contributed|OpenJigWare_A
https://github.com/RobTillaart/float16ext.git|Contributed|float16ext
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MAX520.git|Contributed|MAX520
https://github.com/RajasundaramM/ReadFilter.git|Contributed|ReadFilter
https://github.com/m5stack/M5DinMeter.git|Contributed|M5DinMeter
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-WeightI2C.git|Contributed|M5UnitWeightI2C
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-PbHub.git|Contributed|M5Unit-PbHub
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-CAN.git|Contributed|M5Unit-CAN
https://github.com/pierremolinaro/acanfd-giga-r1.git|Contributed|ACANFD_GIGA_R1
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_A4988.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_A4988
https://github.com/FXDuke/Tools.git|Contributed|Tools
https://github.com/MarcoAntonioGonCas/LedLib.git|Contributed|LedLib
https://github.com/deangi/TiltSensor.git|Contributed|TiltSensor
https://github.com/deangi/UltrasonicSensor.git|Contributed|UltrasonicHCSR04
https://github.com/deangi/RCWL0516.git|Contributed|RCWL0516
https://github.com/deangi/IRProxSensor.git|Contributed|IRProxSensor
https://github.com/deangi/PIRSensor.git|Contributed|PIRSensor
https://github.com/jakeread/mudlink.git|Contributed|mudlink
https://github.com/FinianLandes/SpotifyEsp32.git|Contributed|SpotifyEsp32
https://github.com/ropg/HotButton.git|Contributed|HotButton
https://github.com/bluejunimo/YX5300_ESP32.git|Contributed|YX5300 for ESP32
https://gitlab.com/soruce/pimiento-clock-library.git|Contributed|PimientoClockLib
https://github.com/buildybee/blite.git|Contributed|blite
https://github.com/lysek01/PulseFlowMeter.git|Contributed|PulseFlowMeter
https://github.com/UCLA-Bruin-Supermileage/UCLA-SMV-CAN.git|Contributed|SMV_CAN_Bus
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_Printf.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_Printf
https://github.com/Erqos/EQSP32.git|Contributed|EQSP32
https://github.com/I-AM-ENGINEER/MT6701-arduino.git|Contributed|MT6701-arduino
https://github.com/yuuu/M5StampC3LED.git|Contributed|M5StampC3LED
https://github.com/okalachev/flixperiph.git|Contributed|FlixPeriph
https://github.com/crozone-technology/crozone-veml6040.git|Contributed|CROZONE-VEML6040
https://github.com/paulino/ha-mqtt-entities.git|Contributed|HaMqttEntities
https://github.com/fanfanlatulipe26/FS_MX1508.git|Contributed|FS_MX1508
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_GDL.git|Contributed|DFRobot_GDL
https://github.com/iwandwip/Kinematrix.git|Contributed|Kinematrix
https://github.com/floatplane/Ministache.git|Contributed|Ministache
https://github.com/Witty-Wizard/SerialIO.git|Contributed|serialIO
https://github.com/locple/LiquidCrystal_I2C_UTF8.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystal_I2C_UTF8
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_XM125_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun XM125 Arduino Library
https://github.com/Karibura-Cyber/NHBot.git|Contributed|NHBot
https://github.com/dvelaren/ThingworxESP32.git|Contributed|Thingworx ESP32
https://github.com/vovagorodok/ArduinoBleChess.git|Contributed|vovagorodok_ArduinoBleChess
https://github.com/vovagorodok/ArduinoBleOTA.git|Contributed|vovagorodok_ArduinoBleOTA
https://github.com/vovagorodok/ArduinoPin.git|Contributed|vovagorodok_ArduinoPin
https://github.com/vovagorodok/ArduinoStreamLogger.git|Contributed|vovagorodok_ArduinoStreamLogger
https://github.com/vovagorodok/ArrayUtils.git|Contributed|vovagorodok_ArrayUtils
https://github.com/vovagorodok/PicChess.git|Contributed|vovagorodok_PicChess
https://github.com/vovagorodok/Servo.git|Contributed|vovagorodok_Servo
https://github.com/alunit3/ServoESP32.git|Contributed|ServoESP32Fix
https://github.com/fire1/CmdSerial.git|Contributed|CmdSerial
https://github.com/pokerobo/Pokerobo_RCB.git|Contributed|Pokerobo_RCB
https://github.com/SikongJueluo/LCT200.git|Contributed|LCT200
https://github.com/pokerobo/Pokerobo_Car.git|Contributed|Pokerobo_Car
https://github.com/pokerobo/Pokerobo_Labs.git|Contributed|Pokerobo_Labs
https://github.com/HackerNowful/SD-Ducky.git|Contributed|sd-ducky-v1
https://github.com/Witty-Wizard/DriveMaster.git|Contributed|DriveMaster
https://github.com/mobizt/FirebaseClient.git|Contributed|FirebaseClient
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TLC5917.git|Contributed|TLC5917
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-upt-ble-auto-detection.git|Contributed|Sensirion UPT BLE Auto Detection
https://github.com/axlan/arduino-pixels-dice.git|Contributed|pixels-dice-interface
https://github.com/AntonioPrevitali/ApSDM120.git|Contributed|ApSDM120
https://github.com/ijiki16/LiquidCrystal_I2C_STEM.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystal_I2C_STEM
https://github.com/JulyIghor/PinButtonEvents.git|Contributed|PinButtonEvents
https://github.com/SNP-FIT/snp-sensor.git|Contributed|SNP_Sensor
https://github.com/ApogeoSpace/ApogeoNode.git|Contributed|APSNode
https://github.com/MOMIZICH/PBEnhancer.git|Contributed|PBEnhancer
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_SerialUpdater.git|Arduino|Arduino_SerialUpdater
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Opta_Blueprint.git|Arduino|Arduino_Opta_Blueprint
https://github.com/orkungedik/kmeans.git|Contributed|kMeans
https://github.com/MOMIZICH/OneShot.git|Contributed|OneShot
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TinyKT0803.git|Contributed|TinyKT0803
https://github.com/VIDI-X/VIDI-X_BQ24295.git|Contributed|VIDI-X_BQ24295
https://github.com/pervu/FIFObuf.git|Contributed|FIFObuf
https://github.com/siroshy/SerialTerminalIO.git|Contributed|SerialTerminalIO
https://github.com/cygig/AlmostRandom.git|Contributed|AlmostRandom
https://github.com/Amethyste-PCB/Amethyste_LSM6DS3.git|Contributed|Amethyste_LSM6DS3
https://github.com/Zone-of-Engineering-Newcomers/MovingAverage.git|Contributed|Moving-Average
https://github.com/CIRCUITSTATE/CSE_GNSS.git|Contributed|CSE_GNSS
https://github.com/MOMIZICH/JoystickController.git|Contributed|JoystickController
https://github.com/agomezgar/masaylolibrary.git|Contributed|Masaylo
https://github.com/huemonelab/HuemonelabKit.git|Contributed|HuemonelabKit
https://github.com/stefangs/arduino-library-at24cxxx.git|Contributed|AT24C
https://github.com/vortigont/esp32-flashz.git|Contributed|esp32-flashz
https://github.com/vortigont/pzem-edl.git|Contributed|pzem-edl
https://github.com/moduhub/openafe.git|Contributed|openafe
https://github.com/ig-66/openAFEComm.git|Contributed|openafe_comm
https://github.com/vortigont/ESPAsyncButton.git|Contributed|ESPAsyncButton
https://github.com/chankame/sclm-p105_shield.git|Contributed|sclm-p105_shield
https://github.com/siroshy/SharpIR.git|Contributed|sharpIRSensor
https://github.com/tdk-invn-oss/ultrasonic.arduino.CHx01.git|Contributed|CHx01
https://github.com/1ux/DCF77Decode.git|Contributed|DCF77Decode
https://github.com/1ux/LED_RGB_Control.git|Contributed|BasicColorLedControl
https://github.com/kashif-baig/StringLib.git|Contributed|StringLib
https://github.com/kashif-baig/MessagingLib.git|Contributed|MessagingLib
https://github.com/Krookikk/my_STL.git|Contributed|my_STL
https://github.com/addowneer01/CraftConnect-library-for-Arduino-ESP8266.git|Contributed|CraftConnect_ESP8266
https://github.com/kashif-baig/MvcWebServerLib.git|Contributed|MvcWebServerLib
https://github.com/dhrubasaha08/TFminiS.git|Contributed|TFminiS
https://github.com/Xinyuan-LilyGO/LilyGo-EPD47.git|Contributed|LilyGo-EPD47
https://github.com/bavathd/tago_esp32.git|Contributed|Tago ESP32
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-53L4A3.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-53L4A3
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L4ED.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L4ED
https://github.com/codewithher/CC-Lantern.git|Contributed|CC-Lantern
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Cellular.git|Arduino|Arduino_Cellular
https://github.com/SnailDragon/MightyOhmGeigerCounter.git|Contributed|MightyOhmGeigerCounter
https://github.com/ardlib/bosejis_Types.git|Contributed|bosejis_Types
https://github.com/agomezgar/escornabotLibrary.git|Contributed|escornabot
https://github.com/AtrivaTECH/AtrivaTECH_PicUNO.git|Contributed|AtrivaTECH PicUNO
https://github.com/ardlib/bosejis_AMV.git|Contributed|bosejis_AMV
https://github.com/nayooooo/StreamDeviceAT.git|Contributed|StreamDeviceAT
https://github.com/board707/DMD_STM32.git|Contributed|DMD_STM32
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Modulino.git|Arduino|Modulino
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverDS18.git|Contributed|GyverDS18
https://github.com/kalmak07/SensorNorm.git|Contributed|SensorNormalization
https://github.com/SkHCrusher/TinyButton.git|Contributed|TinyButton
https://github.com/D-314/IP2368-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|IP236x
https://github.com/maxpromer/AX-Mini.git|Contributed|AX-Mini
https://github.com/leaphy-robotics/leaphy-extensions.git|Contributed|Leaphy Extensions
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DAC8571.git|Contributed|DAC8571
https://github.com/maxpromer/Hanuman.git|Contributed|Hanuman
https://github.com/Embeddronics-ltd/MS5837_30BA_Library.git|Contributed|MS5837_30BA_Library
https://github.com/sunfounder/arduino_spc.git|Contributed|SunFounderPowerControl
https://github.com/HighASG936/hw262.git|Contributed|hw262
https://github.com/gershnik/MbedNanoTLS.git|Contributed|MbedNanoTLS
https://github.com/gershnik/BetterWiFiNINA.git|Contributed|BetterWiFiNINA
https://github.com/hassanalitamam/Car_robot.git|Contributed|car robot vip
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sfm-sf06.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SFM-SF06
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sht3x.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SHT3x
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sts3x.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C STS3x
https://github.com/Embeddronics-ltd/BLEOTALIBRARY.git|Contributed|EmbeddronicsBleOTA
https://github.com/NightHawk-Technology/NH8CHIR-lib.git|Contributed|NH8CHIR-lib
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_LowPowerPortentaH7.git|Arduino|Arduino_LowPowerPortentaH7
https://github.com/ropg/LoRaWAN_ESP32.git|Contributed|LoRaWAN_ESP32
https://github.com/ESP32Async/AsyncTCP.git|Contributed|Async TCP
https://github.com/agomezgar/rupertobotLibrary.git|Contributed|rupertobot
https://github.com/SMotlaq/PI3EQX12908-arduino.git|Contributed|PI3EQX12908A2
https://github.com/2taras/espwifiarduino_ide_lib.git|Contributed|espwifiarduino
https://github.com/mmarkin/GeoIP.git|Contributed|GeoIP
https://github.com/Sam4uk/Filter.Easy.git|Contributed|Filter Easy
https://github.com/FCrins1/WeatherCall.git|Contributed|weathercall
https://github.com/Subodh-roy2/Modular.git|Contributed|Modular
https://github.com/Chuque/arduino-CallbackButton.git|Contributed|CallbackButton
https://github.com/ardlib/bosejis_TWI.git|Contributed|bosejis_TWI
https://github.com/arduino279/AI.git|Contributed|AISwitch
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_u-blox_PointPerfect_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun u-blox PointPerfect Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_IM19_IMU_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun IM19 IMU Arduino Library
https://github.com/HighASG936/Mc74hc595a.git|Contributed|mc74hc595a
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_SSCMA.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino SSCMA
https://github.com/anton-freddy/move_buffer.git|Contributed|Move Buffer
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sfx6xxx.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SFx6xxx
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-uart-sfx6xxx.git|Contributed|Sensirion UART SFx6xxx
https://github.com/nthnn/n2cmu-arduino.git|Contributed|n2cmu
https://github.com/makerlabvn/kxnTask.git|Contributed|kxnTask
https://github.com/trongthan210/iMaker-PS2.git|Contributed|iMakerPS2
https://github.com/makerlabvn/BlynkGate.git|Contributed|BlynkGate
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Stack.git|Contributed|Stack
https://github.com/dariomas/Pictiva_OS288048.git|Contributed|Pictiva OS288048
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/RUI3-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|RUI3-Arduino-Library
https://github.com/locple/LCDI2C_Multilingual.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystal I2C Multilingual
https://github.com/hydra/arduino-ICM42605.git|Contributed|ICM42605
https://github.com/cwru-greener-pastures/Heltec_LoRa_OLED_Examples.git|Contributed|Heltec_LoRa_OLED_Examples
https://github.com/Gissio/mcu-renderer.git|Contributed|mcu-renderer
https://github.com/Gissio/mcu-max.git|Contributed|mcu-max
https://github.com/RCMgames/BSED.git|Contributed|byte-sized-encoder-decoder
https://github.com/ZeeDesigns7/AdvancedSerial.git|Contributed|AdvancedSerial
https://github.com/mechasolution/Mecha_Rfinder10D.git|Contributed|Mechasolution R finder10D
https://github.com/ripred/SmartPin.git|Contributed|SmartPin
https://github.com/Pascal2511/TimerUtils.git|Contributed|TimerUtils
https://github.com/XavierBrassoud/Arduino_Epson_PNL_CE02.git|Contributed|Epson_PNL_CE02
https://github.com/GyverLibs/rtc_utils.git|Contributed|rtc_utils
https://github.com/AlbertGBarber/PixelSpork.git|Contributed|Pixel_Spork
https://github.com/ardlib/bosejis_PString.git|Contributed|bosejis_PString
https://github.com/manicken/sf22aswt.git|Contributed|sf22aswt
https://github.com/pokerobo/Pokerobo_Arm.git|Contributed|Pokerobo_Arm
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_MAX17332.git|Arduino|Arduino_MAX17332
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Alvik.git|Arduino|Arduino_Alvik
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_AlvikCarrier.git|Arduino|Arduino_AlvikCarrier
https://github.com/MicroBeaut/Generic-Queue.git|Contributed|Generic-Queue
https://github.com/dndg/OptaUSBUpdate.git|Contributed|OptaUSBUpdate
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_S-35710.git|Recommended|Adafruit S-35710 Library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/LTR390_DFR.git|Contributed|LTR390_DFR
https://github.com/RobTillaart/LTR390_RT.git|Contributed|LTR390_RT
https://github.com/mlesniew/PicoWebsocket.git|Contributed|PicoWebsocket
https://github.com/pmarques-dev/PicoEncoder.git|Contributed|PicoEncoder
https://github.com/YFROBOT-TM/Yfrobot-Valon3-Library.git|Contributed|Yfrobot VALON-I3 Library
https://github.com/Xinyuan-LilyGO/LilyGO-T-Wristband-and-T-Glass.git|Contributed|LilyGO T-Wristband and T-Glass
https://github.com/ahmedosama07/PID-autotune.git|Contributed|pid-autotune
https://github.com/jibrilsharafi/AdvancedLogger.git|Contributed|AdvancedLogger
https://github.com/LordofRobots/LoR.git|Contributed|LoR
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_CloudConnectionFeedback.git|Arduino|Arduino_CloudConnectionFeedback
https://github.com/RobTillaart/INA228.git|Contributed|INA228
https://github.com/bonkmachines/ctrl-arduino.git|Contributed|CTRL
https://github.com/Matrix-Robotics/MatrixMiniR4.git|Contributed|MatrixMiniR4
https://github.com/MERG-DEV/CBUSMCP_CAN.git|Contributed|CBUSMCP_CAN
https://github.com/ardlib/bosejis_Bin.git|Contributed|bosejis_Bin
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-SX127x.git|Contributed|M5-SX127x
https://github.com/pokerobo/Pokerobo_IRx.git|Contributed|Pokerobo_IRx
https://github.com/CIRCUITSTATE/CSE_MillisTimer.git|Contributed|CSE_MillisTimer
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/BitArray.git|Contributed|NBitArray
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/stdcol-arduino.git|Contributed|stdcol
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/StreamUtilities.git|Contributed|StreamUtilities
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/SketchBinder.git|Contributed|SketchBinder
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/Callables.git|Contributed|Callables
https://github.com/bmurzabaev/mcp3201.git|Contributed|MCP3201
https://github.com/Sam4uk/Tools.Easy.git|Contributed|Tools.Easy
https://github.com/hideakitai/ADS1220.git|Contributed|ADS1220
https://github.com/gadaman-rm/ESP_MultiWiFi.git|Contributed|ESP_MultiWiFi
https://github.com/CIRCUITSTATE/CSE_CircularBuffer.git|Contributed|CSE_CircularBuffer
https://github.com/boodskap/ArduinoDigitalTwin.git|Contributed|Boodskap IoT Digital Twin library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_HX711.git|Recommended|Adafruit HX711
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/NStreamCom-arduino.git|Contributed|NStreamCom
https://github.com/Narwhalsss360/PinMatrix.git|Contributed|PinMatrix
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CH9328.git|Recommended|Adafruit CH9328
https://github.com/Sam4uk/WD.Easy.git|Contributed|WD Easy
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-8Encoder.git|Contributed|M5UNIT_8Encoder
https://github.com/salernosimone/tinyml4all-arduino.git|Contributed|tinyml4all
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_HDC302x.git|Recommended|Adafruit HDC302x
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Kurtosis.git|Contributed|Kurtosis
https://github.com/hideakitai/LTC230x.git|Contributed|LTC230x
https://github.com/Every-Flavor-Robotics/motorgo-arduino.git|Contributed|MotorGo_Mini_Driver
https://github.com/pokerobo/Pokerobo_PSx.git|Contributed|Pokerobo_PSx
https://github.com/piruetasxyz/NotasMIDI.git|Contributed|NotasMIDI
https://github.com/Khuuxuanngoc/TongHopThuVien.git|Contributed|TongHopThuVien
https://github.com/BasPaap/Bas.SinglePinDevice.git|Contributed|Bas.SinglePinDevice
https://github.com/thepudding/bofu.git|Contributed|Bofu
https://github.com/become-cool/beshell-arduino-precompiled.git|Contributed|BeShell
https://github.com/hpsaturn/easy-preferences.git|Contributed|EasyPreferences
https://github.com/Tobsoft/HTL_onboard.git|Contributed|HTL_onboard
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-MCP4661.git|Contributed|MCP4661_asukiaaa
https://github.com/Franzininho/biblioteca-laboratorioFW-DIY.git|Contributed|laboratorioFW-DIY
https://github.com/Khuuxuanngoc/TongHopThuVienCon1.git|Contributed|TongHopThuVienCon1
https://github.com/ozantoteles/IPS-7100-I2C-Arduino.git|Contributed|IPS-7100-I2C-Arduino
https://github.com/BroadwellConsultingInc/SerialWombat18ABVGADriver.git|Contributed|SerialWombat18ABVGADriver
https://github.com/felixthecat8a/LCD_BacklightRGB.git|Contributed|LCD_BacklightRGB
https://github.com/RobTillaart/INA236.git|Contributed|INA236
https://github.com/cschorn01/PlugAndPlayForLoRa.git|Contributed|PlugAndPlayForLoRa
https://github.com/SpaceTrekKSC/SpaceTrek_ExoNaut.git|Contributed|SpaceTrek ExoNaut
https://github.com/BrainCoTech/brain_arduino.git|Contributed|NeuroMaster
https://github.com/Syafiqlim/ESP32_MySQL.git|Contributed|ESP32_MySQL
https://github.com/agfy/CxMQTT.git|Contributed|CX_MQTT
https://github.com/Herwig9820/Justina_interpreter.git|Contributed|Justina interpreter
https://github.com/nananauno/M5EasyUI.git|Contributed|M5EasyUI
https://github.com/GyverLibs/EspSleep.git|Contributed|EspSleep
https://github.com/GyverLibs/pgm_utils.git|Contributed|pgm_utils
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_OTOS_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Qwiic OTOS Arduino Library
https://github.com/BasPaap/Bas.CallbackCaller.git|Contributed|Bas.CallbackCaller
https://github.com/pokerobo/Pokerobo_I2C.git|Contributed|Pokerobo_I2C
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCR.git|Contributed|PCR
https://github.com/x821938/erpc.git|Contributed|ERPC
https://github.com/jonp92/TemplateTango.git|Contributed|TemplateTango
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverHTTP.git|Contributed|GyverHTTP
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GTL.git|Contributed|GTL
https://github.com/xamrex/arduino-InstagramFollowers.git|Contributed|InstagramFollowers
https://github.com/Networking-for-Arduino/EthernetESP32.git|Contributed|EthernetESP32
https://github.com/Dhananjayaprabath/WiFiProvision.git|Contributed|WiFiProvision
https://github.com/yasir-shahzad/ADS122U04_ADC_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|ADS122U04 ADC Arduino Library
https://github.com/yasir-shahzad/CS5530_ADC_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|CS5530
https://github.com/Tyler-Barnes/promplus.git|Contributed|PROMPLUS
https://github.com/tomasz90/debounce-me.git|Contributed|DebounceMe
https://github.com/lucas-sesti/JWT_RS256.git|Contributed|JWT_RS256
https://github.com/makerlabvn/mke-s01-ultrasonic-sensor.git|Contributed|HCSR04 ultrasonic MKL
https://github.com/qqqlab/ESP32_SoftWire.git|Contributed|ESP32_SoftWire
https://github.com/agfy/CxDevices.git|Contributed|CX_Devices
https://github.com/makerlabvn/Makerlabvn_kit_CIA0_BOT.git|Contributed|Makerlabvn_kit_CIA0_BOT
https://github.com/IPdotSetAF/ESPAsyncHTTPUpdateServer.git|Contributed|ESPAsyncHTTPUpdateServer
https://github.com/s-light/slight_PlainTime.git|Contributed|slight_PlainTime
https://github.com/makerlabvn/makerlabvnlib.git|Contributed|MAKERLABVN
https://github.com/vulcu/terminal-commander.git|Contributed|TerminalCommander
https://github.com/YFROBOT-TM/Yfrobot-TTS-Library.git|Contributed|yfrobot_tts
https://github.com/shunceyb/MultiMAX6675.git|Contributed|MultiMAX6675
https://github.com/raghulrajg/OTAUpdateManager.git|Contributed|OTAUpdateManager
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-16univin-Library.git|Contributed|SM_16UNIVIN
https://github.com/YFROBOT-TM/Yfrobot-Motor-Driver-IIC1508-Library.git|Contributed|Yfrobot Motor Driver IIC1508 Library
https://github.com/marcinbor85/clip.git|Contributed|Clip
https://github.com/IPdotSetAF/EZButton.git|Contributed|EZButton
https://github.com/meebplayzs/GoogleCalendarClient.git|Contributed|GoogleCalendarClient
https://github.com/calliope-edu/Calliope_Arduino_library.git|Contributed|Calliope Arduino library
https://github.com/4ngel2769/Coloria.git|Contributed|Coloria
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_DS248x.git|Recommended|Adafruit DS248x
https://github.com/piruetasxyz/maqui_library.git|Contributed|maqui
https://github.com/schreinerman/amx8x5.git|Contributed|AMx8x5
https://github.com/alexi-c/Primsteppermotor.git|Contributed|PrimitiveStepperMotor
https://github.com/MJBeltran13/trioe.git|Contributed|Trioe
https://github.com/daguerpedro/MQSensor.git|Contributed|MQSensor
https://github.com/crudlabs/StevesAwesomeButton.git|Contributed|StevesAwesomeButton
https://github.com/superdinmc/MicroPOP32.git|Contributed|MicroPOP32
https://github.com/pxsty0/DisCard.git|Contributed|DisCard
https://github.com/tdk-invn-oss/motion.arduino.ICM45686.git|Contributed|ICM45686
https://github.com/tdk-invn-oss/motion.arduino.ICM45605.git|Contributed|ICM45605
https://github.com/junkfix/esp32-rmt-ir.git|Contributed|esp32-rmt-ir
https://github.com/Tyler-Barnes/RPM.git|Contributed|RPM
https://github.com/Naguissa/uTimerBrokerLib.git|Contributed|uTimerBrokerLib
https://github.com/ys1374/AS5600_PsW.git|Contributed|AS5600_PsW
https://github.com/paramoshkinandrew/BME280_Arduino_I2C.git|Contributed|BME280_Arduino_I2C
https://github.com/qingmeijiupiao/DJIMotorCtrlESP.git|Contributed|DJIMotorCtrlESP
https://github.com/piruetasxyz/Pantalla12x8.git|Contributed|Pantalla12x8
https://github.com/michaelnixonau/MaxLedControl.git|Contributed|MaxLedControl
https://github.com/m5stack/M5NanoC6.git|Contributed|M5NanoC6
https://github.com/nthnn/DynaConfig.git|Contributed|dynaconfig
https://github.com/volty98/GP2Y0A21YK_lib.git|Contributed|GP2Y0A21YK_lib
https://github.com/eloquentarduino/arduino-WebTerminal.git|Contributed|WebTerminal
https://github.com/KobaProduction/BDSP.git|Contributed|BDSP
https://github.com/a3510377/MKPin.git|Contributed|MKPin
https://github.com/a3510377/MKHC595.git|Contributed|MKHC595
https://github.com/AkessonUlrik/RLNode.git|Contributed|RLNode
https://github.com/tdk-invn-oss/motion.arduino.ICM42670S.git|Contributed|ICM42670S
https://github.com/spaziochirale/Chirale_TensorFlowLite.git|Contributed|Chirale_TensorFLowLite
https://github.com/Pranjal-Prabhat/ultrasonic-arduino.git|Contributed|ultrasonic
https://github.com/DIYables/DIYables_Keypad.git|Contributed|DIYables_Keypad
https://github.com/sqmsmu/PMIC_BQ25896.git|Contributed|PMIC_BQ25896
https://github.com/mamunul/BanglaText.git|Contributed|BanglaText
https://github.com/pokerobo/Pokerobo_ABC.git|Contributed|Pokerobo_ABC
https://github.com/clavisound/SlimLoRa.git|Contributed|SlimLoRa
https://github.com/chan1sook/Web3E-jbc.git|Contributed|Web3JBC
https://github.com/arkhipenko/PersistentQueue.git|Contributed|PersistentQueue
https://github.com/Meli0609/I0Servo.git|Contributed|I0Servo
https://github.com/rgot-org/EzLoRaWAN.git|Contributed|EzLoRaWAN
https://github.com/rgot-org/EzLoRaWAN_BLE.git|Contributed|EzLoRaWAN_BLE
https://github.com/maarten-pennings/ENS210.git|Contributed|ENS210
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_IR_Lib_for_ESP32.git|Contributed|Freenove IR Lib for ESP32
https://github.com/DerWaldi/Tiny-I2C-Drivers.git|Contributed|Tiny-I2C-Drivers
https://github.com/wilson-malone/RS485_Arduino_Wind_Direction_Speed_Sensors.git|Contributed|Wind Functions
https://github.com/bayeggex/Arduino-AI-Chat-Library.git|Contributed|AIChatBot
https://github.com/RobTillaart/RunAvgWeight.git|Contributed|RunAvgWeight
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Benchmark.git|Contributed|Benchmark
https://github.com/GRMrGecko/cmd.git|Contributed|cmd
https://github.com/MoreThanRobotsFR/MTR_STUSB4500.git|Contributed|MTR_STUSB4500
https://github.com/joaoaugustocz/LidarArray.git|Contributed|LidarArray
https://github.com/a3510377/arduino-uno-car.git|Contributed|UnoCar
https://github.com/ayushsharma82/NetWizard.git|Contributed|NetWizard
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADG728.git|Contributed|ADG728
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADG729.git|Contributed|ADG729
https://github.com/spaziochirale/ArduTFLite.git|Contributed|ArduTFLite
https://github.com/MoreThanRobotsFR/MTR_ADS7830.git|Contributed|MTR_ADS7830
https://github.com/Zhentao-Lin/WS2812_Lib_for_Air001.git|Contributed|WS2812 Lib for Air001
https://github.com/microbotsio/DriveCell.git|Contributed|DriveCell
https://github.com/JoJos1220/adafruit_INA219_mock.git|Contributed|adafruit_ina219_mock
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverDB.git|Contributed|GyverDB
https://github.com/JoJos1220/adafruit_fram_i2C_mock.git|Contributed|adafruit_fram_i2c_mock
https://github.com/nthnn/mdif.git|Contributed|mdif
https://github.com/MaxMax-embedded/TLE9012_Arduino_Lib.git|Contributed|TLE9012_BMS_IC
https://github.com/crane-elec/EthernetSP.git|Contributed|EthernetSP
https://github.com/ams-OSRAM/OSP_aoresult.git|Contributed|OSP ResultCodes aoresult
https://github.com/ams-OSRAM/OSP_aospi.git|Contributed|OSP 2wireSPI aospi
https://github.com/RoboCore/RoboCore_Rocky.git|Contributed|RoboCore - Rocky
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP4261.git|Contributed|MCP4261
https://github.com/GyverLibs/StreamIO.git|Contributed|StreamIO
https://github.com/orcadom/DS4.git|Contributed|DS4
https://github.com/SeeedJP/wio_cellular.git|Contributed|WioCellular
https://github.com/drrnb/SingleSevenSegment.git|Contributed|SingleSevenSegment
https://github.com/makerlabvn/MKL_DHT.git|Contributed|MKL_DHT sensor library
https://github.com/RBEGamer/HLK-LD2450.git|Contributed|HLK-LD2450
https://github.com/bitbank2/zlib_turbo.git|Contributed|zlib_turbo
https://github.com/microbotsio/CoilCell.git|Contributed|CoilCell
https://github.com/Tympan/Tympan_Library.git|Contributed|Tympan_Library
https://github.com/pu2clr/QN8066.git|Contributed|QN8066
https://github.com/makerlabvn/MKL_DS18B20.git|Contributed|MKL_DS18B20
https://github.com/loginov-rocks/AwsIotWiFiClient.git|Contributed|AwsIotWiFiClient
https://github.com/vvs551/IRRemoteESP32.git|Contributed|IRRemoteESP32
https://github.com/makerlabvn/MKL_RTClib.git|Contributed|MKL_RTClib
https://github.com/AbdulBasitKhatri/OLED_Display_SSD1306.git|Contributed|OLED_Display_SSD1306
https://github.com/Hedrahexon/X9C103S.git|Contributed|X9C103S
https://github.com/vvs551/ESP_NOW_Network.git|Contributed|ESP_NOW_Network
https://github.com/aadilmallick/ez-arduino.git|Contributed|EzArduino
https://github.com/uutzinger/SavitzkyGolayFilter.git|Contributed|SavitzkyGolayFilter
https://github.com/AlexMihai1804/Yeelight.git|Contributed|Yeelight
https://github.com/stemosofc/AraraLib.git|Contributed|Arara
https://github.com/ConsentiumIoT/ConsentiumThings.git|Contributed|ConsentiumThings
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/DataLogger.git|Contributed|DataLogger
https://github.com/iavorvel/MyLD2410.git|Contributed|MyLD2410
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Settings.git|Contributed|Settings
https://github.com/KMESmart/KMESerial.git|Contributed|KMESerial
https://github.com/Sam4uk/RC.Easy.git|Contributed|RC.Easy
https://github.com/ClemensAtElektor/Elektor_AudioDSP.git|Contributed|Elektor_AudioDSP
https://github.com/ArtronShop/IOXESP32_4-20mA_Receiver.git|Contributed|IOXESP32_4-20mA_Receiver
https://github.com/jamesy0ung/MPXHZ6116A.git|Contributed|MPXHZ6116A
https://github.com/mgoblin/ArduinoSplashScreen.git|Contributed|SplashScreen
https://github.com/jackjansen/esp32_idf5_https_server.git|Contributed|ESP32_IDF5_HTTPS_Server
https://github.com/jackjansen/esp32_idf5_https_server_compat.git|Contributed|esp32_idf5_https_server_compat
https://github.com/Morgritech/MT-arduino-pin-debouncer.git|Contributed|MT-arduino-pin-debouncer
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-BLDC.git|Contributed|M5Unit-BLDC
https://github.com/jamesy0ung/MPXA6115A.git|Contributed|MPXA6115A
https://github.com/peomcherry/DJIMotorAlgoESP.git|Contributed|DJIMotorAlgoESP
https://github.com/IoliteCoding/IoliteCoding_SerialCommands.git|Contributed|IoliteCoding SerialCommands
https://github.com/johngavel/Terminal.git|Contributed|Terminal
https://github.com/Morgritech/MT-arduino-momentary-button.git|Contributed|MT-arduino-momentary-button
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Student.git|Contributed|Student
https://github.com/husarnet/husarnet-esp32-arduino.git|Contributed|Husarnet ESP32
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-LSM9DS1TR-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered LSM9DS1TR Arduino Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-BMP280-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered BMP280 Arduino Library
https://github.com/senseshift/arduino-ble-serial.git|Contributed|Serial_BLE
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L7CH.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L7CH
https://github.com/stm32duino/VL53L8CH.git|Contributed|STM32duino VL53L8CH
https://github.com/kanitawa/VersatileSwitch.git|Contributed|VersatileSwitch
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-xensiv-3d-magnetic-sensor-tlx493d.git|Contributed|XENSIV 3D Magnetic Sensor TLx493D
https://github.com/davidlmorris/debuggery.git|Contributed|debuggery
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-STHS34PF80.git|Contributed|M5-STHS34PF80
https://github.com/protheeuz/AsyncWebServerESP.git|Contributed|ESP Async Web Server
https://github.com/JoelJojoP/SimpleIMU.git|Contributed|SimpleIMU
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverDS3231.git|Contributed|GyverDS3231
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaDS18.git|Contributed|MycilaDS18
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaWebSerial.git|Contributed|MycilaWebSerial
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaUtilities.git|Contributed|MycilaUtilities
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaSystem.git|Contributed|MycilaSystem
https://github.com/boschsensortec/Bosch-BSEC2-Library.git|Contributed|bsec2
https://github.com/EVNdevs/EVN-arduino.git|Contributed|EVN
https://github.com/vickash/RotaryEncoderPCNT.git|Contributed|RotaryEncoderPCNT
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/Units.git|Contributed|Units
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/NMEA_Parser.git|Contributed|NMEA_Parser
https://github.com/kanitawa/RotEnc.git|Contributed|RotEnc
https://github.com/GyverLibs/FastBot2.git|Contributed|FastBot2
https://github.com/fmeng/UserManager.git|Contributed|UserManager
https://github.com/GyverLibs/FOR_MACRO.git|Contributed|FOR_MACRO
https://github.com/ad039/ZSSC3230_I2C_Driver.git|Contributed|ZSSC3230 I2C Driver
https://github.com/BlairBlaidd/Newhaven_CharacterOLED_SPI.git|Contributed|Newhaven_CharacterOLED_SPI
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaPulseAnalyzer.git|Contributed|MycilaPulseAnalyzer
https://github.com/giocip/ARDUINO_num7.git|Contributed|num7
https://github.com/Naguissa/uHexLib.git|Contributed|uHexLib
https://github.com/Muhammed-jbareen/Alarm.git|Contributed|Alarm
https://github.com/lhtran114/OnlyTimer.git|Contributed|OnlyTimer
https://github.com/sinricpro/arduino-renesas-sdk.git|Contributed|SinricPro_Renesas
https://github.com/kotwatthana/TimerOne_V2.git|Contributed|TimerOne_V2
https://github.com/devtagse/DEVTAGLibIA.git|Contributed|DEVTAGLibIA
https://github.com/septentrio-gnss/Septentrio_Arduino_library.git|Contributed|Eridano-Septentrio
https://github.com/ams-OSRAM/OSP_aoosp.git|Contributed|OSP Telegrams aoosp
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_prefs.git|Contributed|roo_prefs
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_control.git|Contributed|roo_control
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_wifi.git|Contributed|roo_wifi
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_windows.git|Contributed|roo_windows
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_temperature.git|Contributed|roo_temperature
https://github.com/workloads/scservo.git|Contributed|SCServo
https://github.com/csl-3/Pasos.git|Contributed|Pasos
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_onewire.git|Contributed|roo_onewire
https://github.com/janscience/TeeGrid.git|Contributed|TeeGrid
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_windows_wifi.git|Contributed|roo_windows_wifi
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_windows_onewire.git|Contributed|roo_windows_onewire
https://github.com/iamfaraz/Waveshare_ST7262_LVGL.git|Contributed|Waveshare_ST7262_LVGL
https://github.com/makkorjamal/PLSduino.git|Contributed|PLSduino
https://github.com/Johboh/ConnectionHelper.git|Contributed|ConnectionHelper
https://github.com/Johboh/MQTTRemote.git|Contributed|MQTTRemote
https://github.com/Johboh/HomeAssistantEntities.git|Contributed|HomeAssistantEntities
https://github.com/Johboh/nlohmann-json.git|Contributed|nlohmann-json
https://github.com/ams-OSRAM/OSP_aocmd.git|Contributed|OSP CommandInterpreter aocmd
https://github.com/Danzo-Systems/FM25060_Library.git|Contributed|FM25060
https://github.com/DouglasFlores-fun/SimpleLogger.git|Contributed|SimpleLogger
https://github.com/KobaProduction/AvrFHT.git|Contributed|AvrFHT
https://github.com/thirstyice/TinyDMXSerial.git|Contributed|TinyDMXSerial
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Table.git|Contributed|Table
https://github.com/Johboh/EspNowNetworkShared.git|Contributed|EspNowNetworkShared
https://github.com/Johboh/EspNowNetworkHost.git|Contributed|EspNowNetworkHost
https://github.com/Johboh/EspNowNetworkHostDriver.git|Contributed|EspNowNetworkHostDriver
https://github.com/Johboh/EspNowNetworkNode.git|Contributed|EspNowNetworkNode
https://github.com/nthnn/goblin3d.git|Contributed|goblin3d
https://github.com/JFlores88/SteerBot_TB6612.git|Contributed|SteerBot_TB6612
https://github.com/espressif/esp-brookesia.git|Contributed|esp-brookesia
https://github.com/GyverLibs/WiFiConnector.git|Contributed|WiFiConnector
https://github.com/cgobat/spartan-edge-esp32-boot.git|Contributed|spartan_edge_esp32_boot
https://github.com/sierramike/HomeAssistantMQTT.git|Contributed|HomeAssistantMQTT
https://github.com/EduKits/ColourKit.git|Contributed|ColourKit
https://github.com/microbotsio/CodeCell.git|Contributed|CodeCell
https://github.com/DannyRavi/AD7747.git|Contributed|AD7747
https://github.com/avdwebLibraries/avdweb_CodeDebugScope.git|Contributed|CodeDebugScope
https://github.com/LeeLeahy2/R4A_ESP32.git|Contributed|R4A_ESP32
https://github.com/zwieblum/ch32_deep_sleep.git|Contributed|CH32_Deep_Sleep
https://github.com/semilimes/semilimes_mcu_sdk.git|Contributed|semilimes
https://github.com/loginov-rocks/BluetoothTerminal.git|Contributed|BluetoothTerminal
https://github.com/yuri-rage/arduino-i2c-slave.git|Contributed|I2C_Slave
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_LowPowerPortentaC33.git|Arduino|Arduino_LowPowerPortentaC33
https://bitbucket.org/jezhill/SyncGenie.git|Contributed|SyncGenie
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/Filters.git|Contributed|DSPFilters
https://github.com/Rupakpoddar/FirebaseArduino.git|Contributed|Firebase
https://github.com/ukkz/tiny-key-value-store.git|Contributed|Tiny Key Value Store
https://github.com/MAKIST-EDU/MakistCar.git|Contributed|ESP32CAR
https://github.com/DCS-Skunkworks/dcs-bios-arduino-library.git|Contributed|DCS-BIOS
https://github.com/Vegetable-SYC/IMU_Fusion_SYC.git|Contributed|IMU_Fusion_SYC
https://github.com/Bhanuka-Anjana/K24C16-EEPROM-Library.git|Contributed|K24C16 EEPROM Library
https://github.com/gilesp1729/FontCollection.git|Contributed|FontCollection
https://github.com/gilesp1729/GestureDetector.git|Contributed|GestureDetector
https://github.com/gilesp1729/GU_Elements.git|Contributed|GU_Elements
https://github.com/appnostic-io/Appnostic_SC16IS7XX_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Appnostic SC16IS7XX Arduino Library
https://github.com/Networking-for-Arduino/EthernetEspAT.git|Contributed|EthernetEspAT
https://github.com/suratin27/PLCCore2.git|Contributed|PLCCore2
https://github.com/microbotsio/MotorCell.git|Contributed|MotorCell
https://github.com/shorepine/amy.git|Contributed|AMY Synthesizer
https://github.com/sub1inear/ArduboyI2C.git|Contributed|ArduboyI2C
https://github.com/Lopfi/ina780x.git|Contributed|INA780x
https://github.com/cbm80amiga/ST7789_AVR.git|Contributed|ST7789 AVR
https://github.com/cbm80amiga/GC9A01A_AVR.git|Contributed|GC9A01A AVR
https://github.com/uutzinger/Arduino_AFE44XX.git|Contributed|AFE44XX library
https://github.com/CMB27/ModbusADU.git|Contributed|ModbusADU
https://github.com/CMB27/ModbusRTUComm.git|Contributed|ModbusRTUComm
https://github.com/Zhentao-Lin/ESP32_WS2812_Lib.git|Contributed|ESP32_WS2812_Lib
https://github.com/stack-chan/stackchan-arduino.git|Contributed|stackchan-arduino
https://github.com/adbancroft/avr-fast-div.git|Contributed|avr-fast-div
https://github.com/adbancroft/avr-fast-shift.git|Contributed|avr-fast-shift
https://github.com/LeeLeahy2/R4A_I2C.git|Contributed|R4A_I2C
https://github.com/LeeLeahy2/R4A_Robot.git|Contributed|R4A_Robot
https://github.com/GyverLibs/Looper.git|Contributed|Looper
https://github.com/GyverLibs/AutoOTA.git|Contributed|AutoOTA
https://github.com/Domochip/Palazzetti.git|Contributed|Palazzetti
https://github.com/0015/LVGL_Joystick.git|Contributed|Virtual Joystick for LVGL
https://github.com/zoho/zoho-iot-sdk-arduino.git|Contributed|ZOHO-IOT-SDK
https://github.com/AndreiOp235/24s02ya__M24SR02-Y.git|Contributed|24s02ya__M24SR02-Y
https://github.com/ams-OSRAM/OSP_aomw.git|Contributed|OSP Middleware aomw
https://github.com/ams-OSRAM/OSP_aoui32.git|Contributed|OSP UIDriversOSP32 aoui32
https://github.com/NaveItay/NonBlockingDelay.git|Contributed|NonBlockingDelay
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_PowerManagement.git|Arduino|Arduino_PowerManagement
https://github.com/jerry-magnin/47XXX_EERAM_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|EERAM_47XXX
https://github.com/ConsentiumIoT/EdgeNeuron.git|Contributed|EdgeNeuron
https://github.com/cbm80amiga/DigiFont.git|Contributed|DigiFont
https://github.com/NaveItay/PCA6408A.git|Contributed|PCA6408A
https://github.com/NaveItay/XRA1405.git|Contributed|XRA1405
https://github.com/thirstyice/Olimex16x2.git|Contributed|Olimex16x2
https://github.com/Company-of-Things/deploii-library.git|Contributed|deploii
https://github.com/NaveItay/XRA1405_Button.git|Contributed|XRA1405_Button
https://github.com/thirstyice/RedEye.git|Contributed|RedEye
https://github.com/lysek01/ENS22.git|Contributed|ENS22
https://github.com/IlikeChooros/EEPROMReader.git|Contributed|EEPROMReader
https://github.com/GabyGold67/ButtonToSwitch_ESP32.git|Contributed|ButtonToSwitch_ESP32
https://gitlab.com/iridium/9704_launch_pad/arduino_library.git|Contributed|Iridium9704LaunchPad
https://github.com/Softpath-Electronics/SoftPathElectronics.git|Contributed|SoftPathElectronics
https://github.com/vasutornjays/SCL3400.git|Contributed|SCL3400
https://github.com/Morgritech/MT-arduino-stepper-driver.git|Contributed|MT-arduino-stepper-driver
https://github.com/Kernow-Robotics/Guppy.git|Contributed|Guppy
https://github.com/Infineon/TLE9879-BLDC-Shield.git|Contributed|TLE9879 BLDC Motor Control Shield
https://github.com/johnsnow-nam/elio-arduino-example.git|Contributed|ELIO-ARDUINO-EXAMPLE
https://github.com/tochinet/Posit.git|Contributed|Posit
https://github.com/vasya-zh/TMD3725.git|Contributed|TMD3725
https://github.com/johnosbb/MicroTFLite.git|Contributed|MicroTFLite
https://github.com/thirstyice/JVC-Stereo.git|Contributed|JVC-Stereo
https://github.com/denicsdevices/DS1307.git|Contributed|DS1307
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP3424.git|Contributed|MCP3424
https://github.com/Maaajaaa/GaussianFilter1D.git|Contributed|GaussianFilter1D
https://github.com/Maaajaaa/SeeedNrf52480Battery.git|Contributed|SeeedNrf52480Battery
https://github.com/lucweb/SmartLadderFirmware.git|Contributed|SmartLadder
https://github.com/YUKAI/MakerBoard.git|Contributed|MakerBoard
https://github.com/Kei0208/M8058.git|Contributed|M8058
https://github.com/Alexander57rus/ADE7880Energy.git|Contributed|ADE7880Energy
https://github.com/bgo/oled-ui-lib.git|Contributed|Oled UI Components
https://github.com/AITINKR/AITINKR_JSON_FIELDS.git|Contributed|AITINKR_JSON_FIELDS
https://github.com/AITINKR/AITINKR_AIOT_V2.git|Contributed|AITINKR_AIOT_V2
https://github.com/guerratron/minIniFS.git|Contributed|minIniFS
https://github.com/Valdemir-DSW/DSW-painel-arduino-lib.git|Contributed|dswpainelpro
https://gitlab.com/ettotog/tiny-scheduler.git|Contributed|TinyScheduler
https://github.com/arastaskiran/RustyKeypad.git|Contributed|RustyKeypad
https://github.com/TcMenu/tcMenuLog.git|Contributed|TcMenuLog
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Lib_for_Pico.git|Contributed|Freenove RFID Lib for Pico
https://github.com/thomasgeissl/Parameter.git|Contributed|Parameter
https://github.com/thomasgeissl/ESP-NOW-MIDI.git|Contributed|ESP-NOW MIDI
https://gitlab.com/ettotog/tiny-io.git|Contributed|TinyIO
https://github.com/adbancroft/avr-fast-map.git|Contributed|avr-fast-map
https://github.com/soynaldo/Labvee.git|Contributed|Labvee Library
https://github.com/JensDMadsen/Multitasker.git|Contributed|Multitasker
https://github.com/elecrazy/servoctr.git|Contributed|ServoCtrl
https://github.com/bwucke/TouchLed.git|Contributed|TouchLed
https://github.com/MIT-Senseable-City-Lab/octopus-firmware.git|Contributed|Octopus Firmware
https://github.com/piscodev/r4httpclient.git|Contributed|R4HttpClient
https://github.com/arastaskiran/RustyVoltmeter.git|Contributed|RustyVoltmeter
https://github.com/rszczepanski93/EduBox_ArduinoLibrary.git|Contributed|EduBox
https://github.com/dashio-connect/arduin-dashio-utils.git|Contributed|Dashio
https://github.com/dashio-connect/arduino-dashioNano33BLE.git|Contributed|DashioNano33BLE
https://github.com/dashio-connect/arduino-dashioMKR1500.git|Contributed|DashioMKR1500
https://github.com/dashio-connect/arduino-dashioESP.git|Contributed|DashioESP
https://github.com/dashio-connect/arduino-dashioBluno.git|Contributed|DashioBluno
https://github.com/dashio-connect/arduino-dashioBluefruit.git|Contributed|DashioBluefruit
https://github.com/dashio-connect/arduino-dashioSAMD_NINA.git|Contributed|DashioSAMD_NINA
https://github.com/DIYables/DIYables-LED-Matrix.git|Contributed|DIYables_LED_Matrix
https://github.com/RoboCore/RoboCore_BRIICK_Keypad.git|Contributed|RoboCore - BRIICK Keypad
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Vibration.git|Contributed|Vibration
https://github.com/OpenBuilds/OpenBuildsBLOX.git|Contributed|OpenBuildsBlox
https://github.com/csd-robocon-nitk/LSA08_Simplified.git|Contributed|LSA08_Simplified
https://github.com/Oshima-Shosen-Robotics-Research-Club/liboshima.git|Contributed|liboshima
https://github.com/gpstar81/GPStarAudio-Serial-Library.git|Contributed|GPStar Audio Serial Library
https://github.com/linus81/PCF8574_LH.git|Contributed|PCF8574_LH
https://github.com/moinologics/AsyncTask.git|Contributed|AsyncTask
https://github.com/maikelsalazar/SevenSegmentDisplay.git|Contributed|SevenSegmentDisplay
https://github.com/MoCoMakers/esp-fipsy.git|Contributed|esp-fipsy
https://github.com/galarb/ev3lego.git|Contributed|ev3lego
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_truetype.git|Contributed|bb_truetype
https://github.com/nseinlet/Modelisme.git|Contributed|Modelisme
https://github.com/JensDMadsen/ISRHandler.git|Contributed|ISRHandler
https://github.com/arslan437/EspFileManager.git|Contributed|EspFileManager
https://github.com/McOrts/WindQX_Library.git|Contributed|WindQX
https://github.com/JarikDem-Bot/OCServo.git|Contributed|OCServo
https://github.com/TheSpaceEgg/InfinitePCA9685.git|Contributed|InfinitePCA9685
https://github.com/vindar/tgx.git|Contributed|tgx
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_NiclaSenseEnv.git|Arduino|Arduino_NiclaSenseEnv
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_HDC302x.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_HDC302x
https://github.com/ams-OSRAM/OSP_aoapps.git|Contributed|OSP ReusableApps aoapps
https://github.com/ams-OSRAM/OSP_aotop.git|Contributed|OSP ToplevelSketches aotop
https://github.com/Shiddieqy/MR76_Radar.git|Contributed|mr76_radar
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-HEART.git|Contributed|M5Unit-HEART
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-GESTURE.git|Contributed|M5Unit-GESTURE
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-HUB.git|Contributed|M5Unit-HUB
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-METER.git|Contributed|M5Unit-METER
https://github.com/m5stack/M5HAL.git|Contributed|M5HAL
https://github.com/m5stack/M5UnitUnified.git|Contributed|M5UnitUnified
https://github.com/styropyr0/MX8650.git|Contributed|MX8650 Mouse sensor library
https://github.com/styropyr0/JSON_Encoder.git|Contributed|JSON Encoder
https://github.com/giuliopons/PenguinBotLib.git|Contributed|PenguinBotLib
https://github.com/leocoderu/LC_EEPROM.git|Contributed|LC_EEPROM
https://github.com/AlexMihai1804/ATC_MiThermometer-Arduino.git|Contributed|ATC_MiThermometer-Arduino
https://github.com/JensDMadsen/RotEncoder.git|Contributed|RotEncoder
https://github.com/codingABI/DFR0534.git|Contributed|DFR0534
https://github.com/sinricpro/esp32-business-sdk.git|Contributed|SinricProBusinessSdk
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Utility.git|Contributed|M5Utility
https://github.com/rushairer/AbenoGameBoyShield.git|Contributed|GameBoyShield
https://github.com/DBSStore/EIS.git|Contributed|EIS
https://github.com/guerratron/TouchCal.git|Contributed|TouchCal
https://github.com/GabyGold67/ButtonToSwitch_AVR.git|Contributed|ButtonToSwitch
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_epaper.git|Contributed|bb_epaper
https://github.com/Kei0208/RX8900.git|Contributed|RX8900
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_INA3221.git|Recommended|Adafruit INA3221 Library
https://github.com/smelpro/Smelpro_Macaron.git|Contributed|Smelpro Macaron Library
https://github.com/Garfius/cliSerialMenu.git|Contributed|Menu-UI
https://github.com/ncmreynolds/milesTag.git|Contributed|milesTag
https://github.com/nhjschulz/cfsm.git|Contributed|CFSM
https://github.com/bitcode-tech/uart_keyboard.git|Contributed|UART_Keyboard
https://github.com/julio22011/EasyOledUI.git|Contributed|EasyOledUI
https://github.com/DefHam140/ZModbusRTU.git|Contributed|ZModbusRTU
https://github.com/felixerdy/QRCodeGenerator.git|Contributed|QRCodeGenerator
https://github.com/chrmlinux/spreGnssRtcLib.git|Contributed|spreGnssRtcLib
https://github.com/bitcode-tech/uart_7seg_display.git|Contributed|UART_7Seg_Display
https://github.com/chrmlinux/spreLgfxTouch.git|Contributed|spreLgfxTouch
https://github.com/quarkifii/quark-db-arduino.git|Contributed|QuarkDB
https://github.com/EnergizeLab/ServoSDK-Arduino.git|Contributed|Energize Lab Servo
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/WS2812Capture.git|Contributed|WS2812Capture
https://github.com/Naguissa/uMessagesBrokerLib.git|Contributed|uMessagesBrokerLib
https://github.com/chrmlinux/spreMP3Lib.git|Contributed|spreMP3Lib
https://github.com/voelkerb/STPM3X.git|Contributed|STPM3X
https://github.com/voelkerb/ESP.multiLogger.git|Contributed|multiLogger
https://github.com/voelkerb/ADE9000.git|Contributed|ADE9000
https://github.com/voelkerb/bistableRelay.git|Contributed|BistableRelay
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-LLM.git|Contributed|M5ModuleLLM
https://github.com/modspi/MODSPI_Modules.git|Contributed|MODSPI
https://github.com/blasilli/GBALib_Potentiometer.git|Contributed|GBALib Potentiometer
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD5620.git|Contributed|AD5620
https://github.com/Aleksandr-ru/StepperMulti.git|Contributed|StepperMulti
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DAC8560.git|Contributed|DAC8560
https://github.com/blasilli/GBALib_Wave.git|Contributed|GBALib_Wave
https://github.com/nikitagricanuk/CCS811-library-by-ASTRON.git|Contributed|ASTRON_CCS811
https://github.com/joaoaugustocz/mpu6050_FastAngles.git|Contributed|mpu6050_FastAngles
https://github.com/goodisplayshare/esp32_epd.git|Contributed|esp32_epd
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-WEIGHT.git|Contributed|M5Unit-WEIGHT
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-TOF.git|Contributed|M5Unit-TOF
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VCNL4200.git|Recommended|Adafruit VCNL4200 Library
https://github.com/Naguissa/uConfigLib.git|Contributed|uConfigLib
https://github.com/MiguelLoureiro98/LM35IC.git|Contributed|LM35IC
https://github.com/dralicimen/dwiBus.git|Contributed|dwiBus
https://github.com/af3556/IO22_IO_Board.git|Contributed|IO22_IO_Board
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ACD3100.git|Contributed|ACD3100
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_OPC_UA.git|Arduino|Arduino_OPC_UA
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD5660.git|Contributed|AD5660
https://github.com/MonHauVD/PlayNote.git|Contributed|PlayNote
https://github.com/Hyperion-Robotics/QuickESPNow.git|Contributed|QuickESPNow
https://github.com/1e1/Arduino-FastTimer.git|Contributed|FastTimer
https://github.com/jjlondonoc/AFE4950-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|AFE4950
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SWSPI.git|Contributed|SWSPI
https://github.com/cheerlights/cheerlights-arduino-library.git|Contributed|CheerLights
https://github.com/UltiBlox/SerialLogger.git|Contributed|UltiBlox-SerialLogger
https://github.com/UltiBlox/DisplayValueOLED.git|Contributed|UltiBlox-DisplayValueOLED
https://github.com/UltiBlox/LCDI2C.git|Contributed|UltiBlox-LCDI2C
https://github.com/UltiBlox/SensorAnalog.git|Contributed|UltiBlox-SensorAnalog
https://github.com/arielzw/DPS-Power-Supply.git|Contributed|DpsPowerSupply
https://github.com/1e1/Arduino-GoogleSchedular.git|Contributed|GoogleSchedular
https://github.com/UltiBlox/ActiveThreshold.git|Contributed|UltiBlox-ActiveThreshold
https://github.com/UltiBlox/DisplayValueLCD.git|Contributed|UltiBlox-DisplayValueLCD
https://github.com/UltiBlox/UltiBloxExamples.git|Contributed|UltiBlox-Examples
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_SGP30.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino SGP30
https://github.com/mirs240x/micro_ros_arduino_mirs240x.git|Contributed|micro_ros_arduino
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_time_ds3231.git|Contributed|roo_time_ds3231
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-16relays-Library.git|Contributed|SM_16RELAYS
https://github.com/canusorn/CynoIOT.git|Contributed|CynoIOT
https://github.com/biomurph/GrayCode.git|Contributed|GrayCode
https://github.com/UltiBlox/DisplayValueNull.git|Contributed|UltiBlox-DisplayValueNull
https://github.com/VanSilver/LCD595.git|Contributed|LCD595
https://github.com/Hyperion-Robotics/YDLiDaR_GS2.git|Contributed|YDLidar
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD8495.git|Contributed|AD8495
https://github.com/GitCoyote/solarfunctions.git|Contributed|solarfunctions
https://github.com/Production3000/mvp3000esp.git|Contributed|MVP3000esp
https://github.com/fabricioitajuba/Internal_eeprom.git|Contributed|Internal eeprom
https://github.com/RobTillaart/HX710AB.git|Contributed|HX710AB
https://github.com/TheSpaceEgg/SimpleAD9833.git|Contributed|SimpleAD9833
https://github.com/matthewgream/LightMDNS.git|Contributed|LightMDNS
https://github.com/matthewgream/BluetoothTPMS.git|Contributed|BluetoothTPMS
https://github.com/matthewgream/DalyBMSInterface.git|Contributed|DalyBMSInterface
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DS1804.git|Contributed|DS1804
https://github.com/MINDS-i/MINDS-i-Common.git|Contributed|MINDS-i-Common
https://github.com/MINDS-i/MINDS-i-Farming.git|Contributed|MINDS-i-Farming
https://github.com/MINDS-i/MINDS-i-Foundations.git|Contributed|MINDS-i-Foundations
https://github.com/Naguissa/uEspConfigLib.git|Contributed|uEspConfigLib
https://github.com/MMZBin/Arduino_MacroPad.git|Contributed|MacroPad
https://github.com/jlopezr/arduino-yl800n.git|Contributed|YL-800N
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DAC8574.git|Contributed|DAC8574
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_LG290P_GNSS_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun LG290P Quadband RTK GNSS Arduino Library
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_10BASE_T1S.git|Arduino|Arduino_10BASE_T1S
https://github.com/gooddisplayshare/ESP32epd.git|Contributed|ESP32epd
https://github.com/lautisilber/SmartComm.git|Contributed|SmartComm
https://github.com/henriberisha/EasyEspNow.git|Contributed|EasyEspNow
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMV31T001.git|Contributed|BMV31T001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMV51T001.git|Contributed|BMV51T001
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMV56T123.git|Contributed|BMV56T123
https://github.com/blasilli/GBALib_UltrasonicSensor.git|Contributed|GBALib_UltrasonicSensor
https://github.com/georgemihaila/xy2-100.git|Contributed|XY2-100
https://github.com/pschatzmann/TalkiePCM.git|Contributed|TalkiePCM
https://github.com/blasilli/GBALib_ShiftRegister.git|Contributed|GBALib_ShiftRegister
https://github.com/blasilli/GBALib_DCMotor.git|Contributed|GBALib_DCMotor
https://github.com/YuenNicdao/iParol.git|Contributed|iParol
https://github.com/Natpol50/BME280_mini.git|Contributed|BME280_Mini
https://github.com/MMZBin/Raspberry_Pi_Pico_MacroPad.git|Contributed|Pico_Keyboard
https://github.com/styropyr0/oled.h.git|Contributed|SSD1306 OLED Display
https://github.com/ncmreynolds/loremipsum.git|Contributed|loremipsum
https://github.com/jaakka/DelayFunctionsArduino.git|Contributed|DelayFunctions
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_I2C_Expander_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun I2C Expander Arduino Library
https://github.com/Init-io/FireEsp.git|Contributed|FireEsp
https://github.com/traquito/WsprEncoded.git|Contributed|WsprEncoded
https://github.com/Init-io/DoEEP.git|Contributed|DoEEP
https://github.com/Init-io/OTAEsp.git|Contributed|OTAEsp
https://github.com/Init-io/PinScribe.git|Contributed|PinScribe
https://github.com/ZanPekosak/SlowPWM.git|Contributed|SlowPWM
https://github.com/leftCoast/LC_cardIndex.git|Contributed|LC_cardIndex
https://github.com/jmelabs/BuzzerMelody.git|Contributed|BuzzerMelody
https://github.com/georgemihaila/galvo-controller.git|Contributed|GalvoController
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD523X.git|Contributed|AD523X
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-OrientalBLVR.git|Contributed|OrientalBLVR_asukiaaa
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-OrientalAZ.git|Contributed|OrientalAZ_asukiaaa
https://gitlab.com/pony_jd/mis_librerias/dualwheelcontrol_jd.git|Contributed|DualWheelControl_JD
https://github.com/Lorandil/uCompression.git|Contributed|uCompression
https://github.com/ftservo/FTServo_Arduino.git|Contributed|FTServo
https://github.com/dac1e/RcSwitchReceiver.git|Contributed|RcSwitchReceiver
https://github.com/ConsentiumIoT/ConsentiumStarterKit.git|Contributed|ConsentiumStarterKit
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCA9632.git|Contributed|PCA9632
https://github.com/batuhantrkgl/ESP8266-D1_SMTPClient.git|Contributed|ESP8266 SMTPClient
https://github.com/DMT-Services/GeoMagnetism.git|Contributed|GeoMagnetism
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TEMT6000.git|Contributed|TEMT6000
https://github.com/UltiBlox/SerialCommands.git|Contributed|UltiBlox-SerialCommands
https://github.com/technochicken/SmartSW.git|Contributed|SmartSW
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sen66.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SEN66
https://github.com/ZanPekosak/AnalogFilter.git|Contributed|AnalogFilter
https://github.com/fotherja/BQ76952.git|Contributed|BQ76952
https://github.com/53175ddd/AY-3-8910_Arduino.git|Contributed|MOS Electronics AY-3-8910 Library
https://github.com/circuitcode/AsyncWebSerial.git|Contributed|AsyncWebSerial
https://github.com/circuitcode/AsyncOTA.git|Contributed|AsyncOTA
https://github.com/RASPIAUDIO/Muse_library.git|Contributed|Muse_library
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_KTD2026.git|Contributed|EmotiBit KTD2026
https://github.com/SimonVonSchmude/Cabluino.git|Contributed|Cabluino
https://github.com/kkeonline/LineMessagingAPI.git|Contributed|LineMessgingAPI
https://github.com/UnexpectedMaker/RGB-Touch-Mini-Arduino-Helper.git|Contributed|UM RGB Touch Mini
https://github.com/ktauchathuranga/telnet.git|Contributed|Telnet
https://gitlab.com/leandro.mattioli/Mux7SegsDisplay.git|Contributed|Mux7SegsDisplay
https://github.com/ConsentiumIoT/ConsentiumNow.git|Contributed|ConsentiumNow
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SD2405.git|Contributed|SD2405
https://github.com/gooddisplayshare/ESP32epdx.git|Contributed|ESP32epdx
https://github.com/playfultechnology/PN5180.git|Contributed|PN5180
https://github.com/cvmanjoo/LM75.git|Contributed|LM75
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_RX8130CE.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_RX8130CE
https://github.com/esp-arduino-libs/esp-lib-utils.git|Contributed|esp-lib-utils
https://github.com/goldfish4tech/Goldfish4TechAirPump.git|Contributed|Goldfish4TechAirPump
https://github.com/RobTillaart/INA239.git|Contributed|INA239
https://github.com/abread/cj-kit-arduino-lib.git|Contributed|CJKit
https://github.com/baaaaan1/BuzzerManager.git|Contributed|BuzzerManager
https://github.com/humacompany/Huma_Buttons.git|Contributed|Huma Buttons
https://github.com/jobitjoseph/ESPWebFileManager.git|Contributed|EspWebFileManager
https://github.com/KriBielinski/PrecDueTimer.git|Contributed|PrecDueTimer
https://github.com/KriBielinski/InterruptStepper.git|Contributed|InterruptStepper
https://github.com/SWITCHSCIENCE/QZSSDCX.git|Contributed|QZSSDCX
https://github.com/Geekble-Maker/Geekble_MotorOrgel.git|Contributed|Geekble_MotorOrgel
https://github.com/median-dispersion/Non-Blocking-Melody.git|Contributed|Non-Blocking Melody
https://github.com/baaaaan1/EEPROMHandler.git|Contributed|EEPROMHandler
https://github.com/rei-vilo/PDLS_EXT4_Basic_Matter.git|Contributed|PDLS_EXT4_Basic_Matter
https://github.com/ripred/CodeSizeProfiler.git|Contributed|CodeSizeProfiler
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-1Rele.git|Contributed|MentorBit-1Rele
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-2Rele.git|Contributed|MentorBit-2Rele
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-3LED.git|Contributed|MentorBit-3LED
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-BMP280.git|Contributed|MentorBit-BMP280
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-DetectorIR.git|Contributed|MentorBit-DetectorIR
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-DetectorLluvia.git|Contributed|MentorBit-DetectorLluvia
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-DHT11.git|Contributed|MentorBit-DHT11
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-DHT22.git|Contributed|MentorBit-DHT22
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-Encoder.git|Contributed|MentorBit-Encoder
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-Expander.git|Contributed|MentorBit-Expander
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-LDR.git|Contributed|MentorBit-LDR
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-MatrizPulsadores.git|Contributed|MentorBitMatrizPulsadores
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-MQ.git|Contributed|MentorBit-MQ
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-PIR.git|Contributed|MentorBit-PIR
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-PoteLineal.git|Contributed|MentorBit-PoteLineal
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-Potenciometro.git|Contributed|MentorBit-Potenciometro
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-PoteRueda.git|Contributed|MentorBit-PoteRueda
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-Pulsadores.git|Contributed|MentorBit-Pulsadores
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-RGB.git|Contributed|MentorBit-RGB
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-Ultrasonidos.git|Contributed|MentorBit-Ultrasonidos
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-Zumbador.git|Contributed|MentorBit-Zumbador
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/Puertas-Logicas-Plugin.git|Contributed|Puertas-Logicas-Plugin
https://github.com/rtnate/Arduino-DS1881_2.git|Contributed|DS1881_2
https://github.com/sensebox/SolarChargerSB041.git|Contributed|SolarChargerSB041
https://github.com/per1234-org/GPT_Stepper.git|Contributed|GPT_Stepper
https://github.com/per1234-org/LoveButton.git|Contributed|LoveButton
https://github.com/per1234-org/PID_DG.git|Contributed|PID_DG
https://github.com/per1234-org/R4_Touch.git|Contributed|R4_Touch
https://github.com/KDDaniels/Stepper595.git|Contributed|Stepper595
https://github.com/SWITCHSCIENCE/ZPA4756_0311A_R.git|Contributed|ZPA4756-0311A-R
https://github.com/Stutchbury/InputEvents.git|Contributed|InputEvents
https://github.com/ropg/LVGL_CYD.git|Contributed|LVGL_CYD
https://github.com/Moarbue/MAX31855-library.git|Contributed|MAX31855-Library
https://github.com/QuickSpot/walter-arduino.git|Contributed|WalterModem
https://github.com/alkonosst/ADS1115.git|Contributed|ADS1115
https://github.com/toaha63/BanglaDuino.git|Contributed|BanglaDuino
https://github.com/mathertel/GFXdraw.git|Contributed|gfxDraw
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/RAK-OneWireSerial.git|Contributed|RAK-OneWireSerial
https://github.com/trs-fvs/fvs-esp32-bib.git|Contributed|FVS
https://github.com/tom-dudman/DS1804.git|Contributed|DS1804Ctrl
https://github.com/sagar-koirala/TelloESP32.git|Contributed|TelloESP32
https://github.com/AlessioSavelli/DMXasLED.git|Contributed|DMXasLED
https://github.com/Interested-In-Spresense/E220900t22s_jp.git|Contributed|E220-900T22S LoRa library
https://github.com/zimbora/EspMQTTClient.git|Contributed|EspMQTTClientFork
https://github.com/martinheise/arduino-ui-components.git|Contributed|UIComponents
https://github.com/GyverLibs/BSON.git|Contributed|BSON
https://github.com/DigitalFuturesOCADU/AltController.git|Contributed|AltController
https://github.com/earlephilhower/BackgroundAudio.git|Contributed|BackgroundAudio
https://github.com/digitalfen/ArtificialDateTime.git|Contributed|ArtificialDateTime
https://github.com/digitalfen/PseudoDateTime.git|Contributed|PseudoDateTime
https://github.com/digitalfen/ArtificialRTC.git|Contributed|ArtificialRTC
https://github.com/botnroll/BnrOneAPlus.git|Contributed|BnrOneAPlus
https://github.com/aserebryakov/arduino-cpp-components-library.git|Contributed|CppComponentsLibrary
https://github.com/jjlondonoc/MCP4132-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|MCP4132
https://github.com/digitalfen/EmuRTC.git|Contributed|EmuRTC
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_io.git|Contributed|roo_io
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_io_arduino.git|Contributed|roo_io_arduino
https://github.com/alfan459/RandomForestModel.git|Contributed|RandomForestModel
https://github.com/alfan459/ElasticNetModel.git|Contributed|ElasticNetModel
https://github.com/alfan459/LinearRegressionModel.git|Contributed|LinearRegressionModel
https://github.com/ropg/spi_lcd_read.git|Contributed|spi_lcd_read
https://github.com/bsrahmat/iotNetESP32.git|Contributed|iotNetESP32
https://github.com/CIRCUITSTATE/CSE_ZH06.git|Contributed|CSE_ZH06
https://github.com/alkonosst/MCP23017.git|Contributed|MCP23017_MR
https://github.com/Morgritech/MT-arduino-rotary-encoder.git|Contributed|MT-arduino-rotary-encoder
https://github.com/dndubins/tinyServo84.git|Contributed|tinyServo84
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Serial_MP3_Player.git|Contributed|Seeed Serial MP3 Player
https://github.com/Moarbue/FIR-Filter.git|Contributed|FIR-Filter
https://github.com/ajangrahmat/ArduMekaWiFi.git|Contributed|ArduMekaWiFi
https://github.com/Moarbue/arduino-button.git|Contributed|button_moarbue
https://github.com/eis-interbot/EIS_INTERBOT.git|Contributed|EIS_INTERBOT
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Atomic-EchoBase.git|Contributed|M5Atomic-EchoBase
https://github.com/Moarbue/incremental-rotary-encoder.git|Contributed|IncRotaryEncoder
https://github.com/lucaschoeneberg/lw09-dali.git|Contributed|LW09-Dali
https://github.com/HarrysLabDotNet/nes-controller-interface.git|Contributed|NESControllerInterface
https://github.com/moononournation/Dev_Device_Pins.git|Contributed|Dev Device Pins
https://github.com/dndubins/tinyServo85.git|Contributed|tinyServo85
https://github.com/ELOWRO/ADS1119.git|Contributed|ADS1119 library
https://github.com/valerii-fr/menux.git|Contributed|MenuX
https://github.com/juanmercadin/ReceptorRF.git|Contributed|ReceptorRF
https://github.com/roncoa/KeySequence.git|Contributed|KeySequence
https://github.com/rescenic/rescenicio.git|Contributed|RescenicIO
https://github.com/robbywm/RobbyIO.git|Contributed|RobbyIO
https://github.com/cakraawijaya/MQ2_LPG.git|Contributed|MQ2_LPG
https://github.com/edwiyanto/CreatorKidsIO.git|Contributed|CreatorKidsIO
https://github.com/cakraawijaya/ESP_FC28.git|Contributed|ESP_FC28
https://github.com/hasenradball/MCP23008-I2C.git|Contributed|MCP23008-I2C
https://github.com/CMB27/ModbusSlaveLogic.git|Contributed|ModbusSlaveLogic
https://github.com/hootrhino/MOTY-Mini-Temperature-Sensor.git|Contributed|MOTY-Mini Temperature Sensor
https://github.com/schreibfaul1/ESP32-audioI2S.git|Contributed|ESP32-audioI2S-master
https://github.com/median-dispersion/XPT2046-Driver.git|Contributed|XPT2046 Driver
https://github.com/stacknix/stackmq-esp32.git|Contributed|Stackmq
https://github.com/scottyob/IgcLogger.git|Contributed|IgcLogger
https://github.com/marekburiak/ESP32_MQTTClient.git|Contributed|ESP32_MQTTClient
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AGS3871.git|Contributed|AGS3871
https://github.com/RobTillaart/CHT832X.git|Contributed|CHT832X
https://github.com/levkovigor/PTZProtocolHandler.git|Contributed|PTZProtocolHandler
https://github.com/Alex-Stone-Github/pepstep.git|Contributed|pepstep
https://github.com/RobTillaart/rotaryDecoder8.git|Contributed|rotaryDecoder8
https://github.com/AirNgin/Airngin-esp32-mqtt-client.git|Contributed|AirNgin ESP32 MQTT Client
https://github.com/RobTillaart/APDS9900.git|Contributed|APDS9900
https://github.com/samy101/edge-ai-arduino-library.git|Contributed|IISc_EdgeAI
https://github.com/rjsachse/ESP32-RTSPServer.git|Contributed|ESP32-RTSPServer
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCA9698_RT.git|Contributed|PCA9698_RT
https://github.com/robertsonics/WAV_Trigger_Pro_Qwiic_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun WAV Trigger Pro Qwiic
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/GeoluxCamera.git|Contributed|GeoluxCamera
https://github.com/ddchung/Async-HC-SR04-Lib.git|Contributed|Distance-Sensor
https://github.com/Alex-Stone-Github/CNCShield.git|Contributed|CNCShield
https://github.com/bitbank2/FastEPD.git|Contributed|FastEPD
https://github.com/jerry-magnin/Mem24CSM01.git|Contributed|Mem24CSM01
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TCA9554.git|Contributed|TCA9554
https://github.com/Andy4495/LCD_SharpBoosterPack_SPI.git|Contributed|LCD_SharpBP_SPI
https://github.com/Andy4495/OneMsTaskTimer.git|Contributed|OneMsTaskTimer
https://github.com/Andy4495/Energia-EducationalBP_MKII.git|Contributed|Energia-EBP_MKII
https://github.com/Andy4495/Energia-MultiTasking.git|Contributed|Energia-MultiTas
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AGS2616.git|Contributed|AGS2616
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TCS3210.git|Contributed|TCS3210
https://github.com/RobTillaart/rotaryDecoderSwitch5.git|Contributed|rotaryDecoderSwitch5
https://github.com/rei-vilo/PDLS_Common.git|Contributed|PDLS_Common
https://github.com/rei-vilo/PDLS_Basic.git|Contributed|PDLS_Basic
https://github.com/PervasiveDisplays/Pervasive_Wide_Medium.git|Contributed|Pervasive_Wide_Medium
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AGS3870.git|Contributed|AGS3870
https://github.com/mfurga/cc1101.git|Contributed|CC1101
https://github.com/pmarques-dev/ArucoLite.git|Contributed|ArucoLite
https://github.com/mcendu/LCDI2C_Multilingual.git|Contributed|LCDI2C_Multilingual_MCD
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/LoRa_AT.git|Contributed|LoRa_AT
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_bits.git|Contributed|htcw_bits
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_data.git|Contributed|htcw_data
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_io.git|Contributed|htcw_io
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_ml.git|Contributed|htcw_ml
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/gfx.git|Contributed|htcw_gfx
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/uix.git|Contributed|htcw_uix
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_button.git|Contributed|htcw_button
https://github.com/dmachinewhisperer/micro-prompts-ino.git|Contributed|micro-prompts
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_json.git|Contributed|htcw_json
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_lcd_miser.git|Contributed|htcw_lcd_miser
https://github.com/epsilonrt/Max11615Lib.git|Contributed|Max11615Lib
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GTimer.git|Contributed|GTimer
https://github.com/PervasiveDisplays/Pervasive_Wide_Small.git|Contributed|Pervasive_Wide_Small
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD5593R.git|Contributed|AD5593R
https://github.com/Soft-Collection/SCPeriod.git|Contributed|SCPeriod
https://github.com/Soft-Collection/SCButton.git|Contributed|SCButton
https://github.com/ESP32Async/ESPAsyncTCP.git|Contributed|ESP Async TCP
https://github.com/p1ngb4ck/MCP4461.git|Contributed|MCP4461
https://github.com/RobTillaart/millis64.git|Contributed|millis64
https://github.com/PervasiveDisplays/Pervasive_BWRY_Small.git|Contributed|Pervasive_BWRY_Small
https://github.com/vvb333007/espshell.git|Contributed|ESPShell
https://github.com/roncoa/SimRacingController.git|Contributed|SimRacingController
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Inkplate_Motion_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Inkplate Motion Library
https://github.com/MiguelLoureiro98/TimeSeries.git|Contributed|TimeSeries
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_rmt_led_strip.git|Contributed|htcw_rmt_led_strip
https://github.com/KiselevIvan/kidLibrary.git|Contributed|kidLibrary
https://github.com/RobTillaart/INA229.git|Contributed|INA229
https://github.com/jakiki6/SH1106.git|Contributed|SH1106
https://github.com/CentyLab/AP33772S-CentyLab.git|Contributed|AP33772S
https://github.com/ridiculousfish/libdivide.git|Contributed|libdivide
https://github.com/crozone-technology/TelegramESP32.git|Contributed|TelegramESP32
https://github.com/mawaeg/Arduino_RV-8523.git|Contributed|RV8523
https://github.com/steins1997/arduino_uno_r4_minima_mcp2517fd.git|Contributed|R4_LIB_FOR_MCP2517FD
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_backport.git|Contributed|roo_backport
https://github.com/Soft-Collection/SCConfig.git|Contributed|SCConfig
https://github.com/mcu-electronics/RTC_DS1307_Library.git|Contributed|RTC_DS1307_Library
https://github.com/BromleySat/kasia-lib-arduino.git|Contributed|Kasia
https://github.com/avisha95/AViShaESPCam.git|Contributed|AViShaESPCam
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PIR8575.git|Contributed|PIR8575
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD7367.git|Contributed|AD7367
https://github.com/ICRS/IC-Hack-Badge-Arduino.git|Contributed|IC Hack Badge
https://github.com/avisha95/AViShaMQTT.git|Contributed|AViShaMQTT
https://github.com/avisha95/AViShaWiFi.git|Contributed|AViShaWiFi
https://github.com/malarz-supla/ClosedCube_SHT31D_Arduino.git|Contributed|ClosedCube SHT31D fork
https://github.com/khaledHamidi/qlink.git|Contributed|Qlink
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_LPS28.git|Recommended|Adafruit LPS28
https://github.com/pmarques-dev/PicoHM01B0.git|Contributed|PicoHM01B0
https://github.com/wallysalami/BarcodeGFX.git|Contributed|BarcodeGFX
https://github.com/JagritThukral/ubidots-mqtt-esp32.git|Contributed|Ubidots MQTT for ESP32 and ESP8266
https://github.com/CMB27/QwiicUART-Library.git|Contributed|QwiicUART Library
https://github.com/gicking/LIN_slave_portable_Arduino.git|Contributed|LIN slave portable
https://github.com/alayander/tlc59116.git|Contributed|TLC59116
https://github.com/leezisheng/SerialServo.git|Contributed|SerialServo
https://github.com/Stutchbury/EncoderAdapter.git|Contributed|EncoderAdapter
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverMIDI.git|Contributed|GyverMIDI
https://github.com/patrickwasp/tf03k.git|Contributed|TF03K
https://github.com/RoboCore/RoboCore_BRIICK_Encoder.git|Contributed|RoboCore - BRIICK Encoder
https://github.com/RoboCore/RoboCore_BRIICK_TRIAC.git|Contributed|RoboCore - BRIICK TRIAC
https://github.com/totemmaker/TotemRoboboard.git|Contributed|Totem Roboboard
https://github.com/Neurotech-Hub/Hublink-Node.git|Contributed|Hublink-Node
https://github.com/Neurotech-Hub/Hublink-BEAM.git|Contributed|Hublink BEAM
https://github.com/DigitalFuturesOCADU/TinyFilmFestival.git|Contributed|TinyFilmFestival
https://github.com/sensebox/rg15-arduino-lib.git|Contributed|RG15-Arduino
https://github.com/qqqlab/GPS-uBlox.git|Contributed|GPS-uBlox
https://github.com/MarineAppliedResearch/Naviguider_Compass_I2C.git|Contributed|Naviguider_Compass_I2C
https://github.com/sstaub/LCD-HD44780.git|Contributed|LCD-HD44780
https://github.com/sstaub/LCD-I2C-HD44780.git|Contributed|LCD-I2C-HD44780
https://github.com/sstaub/IDToolsPico.git|Contributed|IDToolsPico
https://github.com/roncoa/StringEEPROM.git|Contributed|StringEEPROM
https://github.com/nextgentech-512/Single-Wire-Data-Bus.git|Contributed|SingleWireDataBus
https://github.com/RobTillaart/I2C_SOFTRESET.git|Contributed|I2C_SOFTRESET
https://github.com/johnosbb/hx1838decoder.git|Contributed|hx1838decoder
https://github.com/a-saab/PrayerTimes.git|Contributed|PrayerTimes
https://github.com/RyLeeHarrison/EventEmitter.git|Contributed|EventEmitter
https://github.com/janscience/MicroConfig.git|Contributed|MicroConfig
https://github.com/CMB27/ModbusTCPComm.git|Contributed|ModbusTCPComm
https://github.com/CMB27/ModbusTCPSlave.git|Contributed|ModbusTCPSlave
https://github.com/RobTillaart/OUTPIN.git|Contributed|OUTPIN
https://github.com/AryanBhirud/BitFlash_Client.git|Contributed|BitFlash_Client
https://github.com/sauloverissimo/ESP32_Host_MIDI.git|Contributed|ESP32_Host_MIDI
https://github.com/macFanDave/GigaDAQ.git|Contributed|GigaDAQ
https://github.com/VanSilver/ShiftRegisterPWM595.git|Contributed|ShiftRegisterPWM595
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ERCFS.git|Contributed|ERCFS
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD7367_SPI.git|Contributed|AD7367_SPI
https://github.com/msilveus/SimpleQueue.git|Contributed|SimpleQueue
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-THERMO.git|Contributed|M5Unit-THERMO
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-COLOR.git|Contributed|M5Unit-COLOR
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-ANADIG.git|Contributed|M5Unit-ANADIG
https://github.com/fededc88/AS5040.git|Contributed|AS5040
https://github.com/Bendeguz-Cs/Rotary_encoder.git|Contributed|Rotary_encoder
https://github.com/adityasharma-tech/grafik-serial.git|Contributed|GrafikLogger
https://github.com/codezoo-ltd/arduino-ME310G1-library.git|Contributed|ME310G1
https://github.com/codezoo-ltd/arduino-ME310G1-tlt-library.git|Contributed|TLT
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCT2075.git|Contributed|PCT2075
https://github.com/asukiaaa/arduino-MotorDMKB4.git|Contributed|MotorDMKB4_asukiaaa
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DAC53001.git|Contributed|DAC53001
https://github.com/srinjaycode/VoltLora.git|Contributed|VoltLora
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/Optional.git|Contributed|Optional
https://github.com/braydenanderson2014/Variant.git|Contributed|Variant
https://github.com/PervasiveDisplays/Pervasive_Wide_Large.git|Contributed|Pervasive_Wide_Large
https://github.com/PervasiveDisplays/Pervasive_Touch_Small.git|Contributed|Pervasive_Touch_Small
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-ASR.git|Contributed|M5UnitASR
https://github.com/Stutchbury/TouchScreenAdapter.git|Contributed|TouchScreenAdapter
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_DACX578.git|Recommended|Adafruit DAC7578 Library
https://github.com/4project-co-il/EBF.git|Contributed|EventBasedFramework
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AMT25.git|Contributed|AMT25
https://github.com/pk17r/TouchscreenResistive.git|Contributed|TouchscreenResistive
https://github.com/mrrwa/SFR_Reader.git|Contributed|SFR_Reader
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_LineMessaging.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_LineMessaging
https://github.com/boerge1/rfid.git|Contributed|MFRC522_fix
https://github.com/yunussandikci/ArduinoMessageBus.git|Contributed|MessageBus
https://bitbucket.org/mgf_ryan/smartsystem.git|Contributed|SmartSystem
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-8crt-Library.git|Contributed|SM_8CRT
https://github.com/mvader2/AD5252.git|Contributed|AD5252
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCF85263.git|Contributed|PCF85263
https://github.com/hmueller01/pubsubclient3.git|Contributed|PubSubClient3
https://github.com/dac1e/RtcDueRcf.git|Contributed|RtcDueRcf
https://github.com/CIRCUITSTATE/CSE_CST328.git|Contributed|CIRCUITSTATE CST328 Library
https://github.com/snowhalationmkii/BS811X_I2C.git|Contributed|BS811X_I2C
https://github.com/4211421036/fnn.git|Contributed|fnn
https://github.com/4211421036/gsr-arduino.git|Contributed|gsr
https://github.com/4211421036/IoTModule.git|Contributed|IoTModule
https://github.com/ayushsharma82/RPAsyncTCP.git|Contributed|RPAsyncTCP
https://github.com/RobTillaart/INA260.git|Contributed|INA260
https://github.com/Mourty/PLCTimers.git|Contributed|PLCTimer
https://github.com/Elrindel/SomfyReceiver.git|Contributed|SomfyReceiver
https://github.com/Neurotech-Hub/KepecsWheel.git|Contributed|KepecsWheel
https://github.com/thebestia90/AD5259.git|Contributed|AD5259
https://github.com/drmpf/NonBlockingModbusMaster.git|Contributed|NonBlockingModbusMaster
https://github.com/robinz-labs/digishow-rioc.git|Contributed|DigiShow RIOC
https://github.com/RobTillaart/LTC2485.git|Contributed|LTC2485
https://github.com/MYCAMEL222/AbleTP.git|Contributed|AbleTP
https://github.com/dac1e/DCF77RX.git|Contributed|DCF77RX
https://github.com/snowhalationmkii/TTP229_BS81X_Serial.git|Contributed|TTP229_BS81X_Serial
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sfm3304.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SFM3304
https://github.com/ImSpeddy/L298Nlib.git|Contributed|L298Nlib
https://github.com/4211421036/githubiot.git|Contributed|githubiot
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-DVI-HSTX.git|Recommended|Adafruit DVI HSTX
https://github.com/christosneg/concurrentPID.git|Contributed|concurrentPID
https://github.com/Mourty/ExtendedTime.git|Contributed|ExtendedTime
https://github.com/Zeppelin500/MBusCom.git|Contributed|MBusCom
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Soil_Moisture_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Soil Moisture Sensor
https://github.com/tabahi/StatefulGSMLib.git|Contributed|StatefulGSMLib
https://github.com/Geekble-Maker/Geekble_Orgel.git|Contributed|Geekble_Orgel
https://github.com/twstokes/flipdotmatrix.git|Contributed|FlipDotMatrix
https://github.com/wallysalami/QRCodeGFX.git|Contributed|QRCodeGFX
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD5370.git|Contributed|AD5370
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SiT5358_DCTCXO_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SiT5358 DCTCXO Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_SiT5811_OCXO_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun SiT5811 OCXO Arduino Library
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_STP3593LF_OCXO_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun STP3593LF OCXO Arduino Library
https://github.com/Port-Net/rmt_SENT.git|Contributed|rmt_SENT
https://github.com/Port-Net/MLX90377_SENT.git|Contributed|MLX90377_SENT
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADG2128_RT.git|Contributed|ADG2128_RT
https://github.com/RobTillaart/ADG2188.git|Contributed|ADG2188
https://github.com/eccentricOrange/BIDFestTools.git|Contributed|BIDFestTools
https://github.com/Geekble-Maker/Geekble_Basics.git|Contributed|Geekble_Basics
https://github.com/qqqlab/qqqlab-RP2040-Toolbox.git|Contributed|qqqlab-RP2040-Toolbox
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_CloudUtils.git|Arduino|Arduino_CloudUtils
https://github.com/csobirka/SevenSegment.git|Contributed|SevenSegment
https://github.com/4211421036/YFS201.git|Contributed|YF-S201 Water Flow
https://github.com/Enzo-Coutinho/APDS-9151.git|Contributed|APDS9151
https://github.com/nikachu2012/HttpCall.git|Contributed|HttpCall
https://github.com/AudunKodehode/JC3248W535EN-Touch-LCD.git|Contributed|JC3248W535EN-Touch-LCD
https://github.com/sauloverissimo/DataHandler.git|Contributed|datahandler
https://github.com/RedPitaya/SCPI-red-pitaya-arduino.git|Contributed|SCPI Red Pitaya
https://github.com/dzalf/EEPROM_UID.git|Contributed|EEPROM_UID
https://github.com/jsnkan/lcd128_32_io.git|Contributed|lcd128_32_io
https://github.com/Infineon/arduino-xensiv-angle-sensor-tlx5012.git|Contributed|XENSIV Angle Sensor TLx5012B
https://github.com/ripred/Minimax.git|Contributed|Minimax
https://github.com/francescop75/LCD_TeleType.git|Contributed|LCD_TeleType
https://github.com/ArduLite/ArduLite.git|Contributed|ArduLite
https://github.com/electrocoder/MBModbusRTUSlave.git|Contributed|MBModbusRTUSlave
https://github.com/Rupakpoddar/ConsumerKeyboard.git|Contributed|ConsumerKeyboard
https://github.com/firmngin/firmnginKit.git|Contributed|firmnginKit
https://github.com/DigitalFuturesOCADU/YouveBeenNotified.git|Contributed|YouveBeenNotified
https://github.com/styropyr0/SensorHub.git|Contributed|SensorHub
https://github.com/Khuuxuanngoc/Makerlabvn_I2C_Line_Follower_Sensor.git|Contributed|Makerlabvn_I2C_Line_Follower_Sensor
https://github.com/amitesh-singh/EspDDNS.git|Contributed|EspDDNS
https://github.com/JakubSdf/LedDisplayFonts.git|Contributed|LedDisplayFonts
https://github.com/Amanecer-Digital-SL/am_ambot_library.git|Contributed|AMBOT
https://github.com/tomorrow56/SPRESENSE_ESP8266_LINE_Messaging_API.git|Contributed|ESP8266_LINE_Messaging_API
https://github.com/zamanturja/A9Gmod.git|Contributed|A9Gmod
https://github.com/janelia-arduino/TMC51X0.git|Contributed|TMC51X0
https://github.com/WBS-Wissen/Stepper8825Lib.git|Contributed|Stepper8825Lib
https://github.com/vladysor/SensEdu-Library.git|Contributed|SensEdu
https://github.com/mirosieber/Litime_BMS_ESP32.git|Contributed|BMS Client
https://github.com/ByteVoltaTeam/PIDEasy.git|Contributed|PIDEasy
https://github.com/styropyr0/BME688.git|Contributed|BME688
https://github.com/styropyr0/MPM10.git|Contributed|MPM10
https://github.com/styropyr0/ML8511.git|Contributed|ML8511 UV Sensor Library
https://github.com/styropyr0/APDS9960.git|Contributed|APDS9960
https://github.com/styropyr0/ADS111S.git|Contributed|ADS111S
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PCA9671.git|Contributed|PCA9671
https://github.com/Kenneract/SPL07-003-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|SPL07-003
https://github.com/QuantumLeaps/qp-arduino.git|Contributed|qp-arduino
https://github.com/mlesniew/PicoSyslog.git|Contributed|PicoSyslog
https://github.com/Jonathan-Z-Code/DHT11_Sensor.git|Contributed|DHT11_Sensor
https://github.com/alkonosst/RTOScppESP32.git|Contributed|RTOScppESP32
https://github.com/CelliesProjects/OpenStreetMap-esp32.git|Contributed|OpenStreetMap-esp32
https://github.com/MIPSLabs/MipsLib.git|Contributed|MipsLib
https://github.com/YFROBOT-TM/Yfrobot-FPSensor-Library.git|Contributed|Yfrobot-FPSensor-Library
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-VL53.git|Contributed|MentorBit-VL53
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-BH1750.git|Contributed|MentorBit-BH1750
https://github.com/dvelaren/Halisense_SoilSensor.git|Contributed|Halisense_SoilSensor
https://github.com/bastian2001/pico-bidir-dshot.git|Contributed|Pico_Bidir_DShot
https://github.com/m5stack/M5StamPLC.git|Contributed|M5StamPLC
https://github.com/Dzmitry-visual-studio-2022/Winduino.git|Contributed|Winduino
https://github.com/bartzdev/Renke_DissolvedOxygen_Sensor.git|Contributed|RenkeDissolvedOxygenSensor
https://github.com/gunakkoc/MultiStepperLite.git|Contributed|MultiStepperLite
https://github.com/cotestatnt/HTTPWebServer.git|Contributed|HTTPWebServer
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ATD-S3-Driver_Library.git|Contributed|ATD-S3-Driver
https://github.com/SuyazWorld/AryzzIO.git|Contributed|AryzzIO
https://github.com/danmowehhuk/TestTool.git|Contributed|TestTool
https://github.com/CMB27/AutomationTimers.git|Contributed|AutomationTimers
https://github.com/qqqlab/ESP32-Serial-RMT-UART.git|Contributed|ESP32_SerialRMT
https://github.com/manzarehassin/softRTC.git|Contributed|softRTC
https://github.com/manzarehassin/tinyRTCds1307.git|Contributed|tinyRTCds1307
https://github.com/MuhammadMakhfud/PZEM003_Fud.git|Contributed|PZEM003_Fud
https://github.com/mjdonders/ESP32ServoController.git|Contributed|ESP32ServoController
https://github.com/PeterBakarac/BayesianOptimization.git|Contributed|Bayesian Optimization
https://github.com/Kadacheahmedrami/ESPExpress.git|Contributed|ESPExpress
https://github.com/YoupiLab/YoupiLab_IoT_ESP.git|Contributed|YoupiLab_IoT_ESP
https://github.com/EatingJan1/MCHyetometer-REED.git|Contributed|MCHyetometer-REED
https://github.com/RobTillaart/decibel.git|Contributed|decibel
https://github.com/GyverLibs/StreamPacket.git|Contributed|StreamPacket
https://github.com/vdwulp/iButtonTag.git|Contributed|iButtonTag
https://github.com/italo-coelho/KukaVar.git|Contributed|KukaVar
https://github.com/italo-coelho/InverterWEG.git|Contributed|InverterWEG
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_BMV080_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun BMV080 Arduino Library
https://github.com/renesas/nfc-ptx105r-spi-arduino.git|Contributed|PTX105R SDK for SPI
https://github.com/renesas/nfc-ptx105r-i2c-arduino.git|Contributed|PTX105R SDK for I2C
https://github.com/renesas/nfc-ptx105r-uart-arduino.git|Contributed|PTX105R SDK for UART
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TLV320_I2S.git|Recommended|Adafruit TLV320 I2S
https://github.com/codingABI/KY040.git|Contributed|KY040
https://github.com/iavorvel/MyButton.git|Contributed|My_Button
https://github.com/auralius/yapid.git|Contributed|YAPID
https://github.com/vincentmuriithi/kari.git|Contributed|kari
https://github.com/53175ddd/sound.git|Contributed|Sound Library for Arduino
https://github.com/brooksbUWO/Debounce.git|Contributed|Debounce
https://github.com/ChandanETE/CK_MAX.git|Contributed|CK_MAX
https://github.com/serifpersia/ESP32MidiPlayer.git|Contributed|ESP32MidiPlayer
https://github.com/Obu-IntroSat/IntroStratLib-Public.git|Contributed|IntroStratLib
https://github.com/GabyGold67/ShiftRegGPIOXpander_ESP32.git|Contributed|ShiftRegGPIOXpander_ESP32
https://github.com/stm32duino/ST25R200.git|Contributed|STM32duino ST25R200
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-NFC09A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-NFC09A1
https://github.com/stm32duino/X-NUCLEO-NFC10A1.git|Contributed|STM32duino X-NUCLEO-NFC10A1
https://gitlab.com/noeFly/simpleservoesp32.git|Contributed|SimpleServoESP32
https://github.com/IsraEB/esp32cam.git|Contributed|esp32cam
https://github.com/RakibulIslam1/WebController.git|Contributed|WebController
https://github.com/Bendeguz-Cs/DC_driver.git|Contributed|DC_driver
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_PicoDVI_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun PicoDVI
https://github.com/mcenkcavusoglu/MLX90392_library.git|Contributed|Melexis MLX90392 I2C Library
https://github.com/wallysalami/SQLiteManager.git|Contributed|SQLiteManager
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_pool.git|Contributed|htcw_pool
https://github.com/rjsachse/ESP32-SpeexDSP.git|Contributed|ESP32-SpeexDSP
https://github.com/hanzeelvilla/MyButtonIO.git|Contributed|MyButtonIO
https://github.com/espressif/esp-boost.git|Contributed|esp-boost
https://github.com/kingsmen732/Robot-face---sh1106-screen.git|Contributed|RoboFace
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-KMeterISO.git|Contributed|M5Unit-KMeterISO
https://github.com/CelliesProjects/LGFX-ScreenShot.git|Contributed|LGFX-ScreenShot
https://github.com/MEmbeddedTLB/Devices.git|Contributed|MDevice
https://github.com/dezibot/dezibot.git|Contributed|Dezibot
https://github.com/RobTillaart/PPD71.git|Contributed|PPD71
https://github.com/beniseman/lineScale.git|Contributed|lineScale
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_MY1690_MP3_Decoder_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun MY1690 MP3 Decoder Library
https://github.com/Robotistan/PicoBricks-for-RPico.git|Contributed|PicoBricks-for-RPico
https://github.com/ParhamMoAsghari/ArduinoSmartButton.git|Contributed|SmartButton
https://github.com/beniseman/HX71708.git|Contributed|HX71708
https://github.com/ArtronShop/AmAlert-Arduino.git|Contributed|AmAlert
https://github.com/Seeed-Studio/Seeed_Arduino_SPA06.git|Contributed|Seeed Arduino SPA06
https://github.com/Eason-SYC/WS2812_SYC_Air001.git|Contributed|WS2812_SYC_Air001
https://github.com/hanzeelvilla/MyLedIO.git|Contributed|MyLedIO
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_KVStore.git|Arduino|Arduino_KVStore
https://github.com/Obu-IntroSat/IntroSatLib.git|Contributed|IntroSatLib
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverWire.git|Contributed|GyverWire
https://github.com/KOINSLOT-Inc/kywy.git|Contributed|Kywy
https://github.com/Nick507/SmallButton.git|Contributed|SmallButton
https://github.com/GabyGold67/SevenSegDisplays_ESP32.git|Contributed|SevenSegDisplays_ESP32
https://github.com/styropyr0/BMP180.git|Contributed|BMP180
https://github.com/salernosimone/tensorflow-runtime-universal-arduino.git|Contributed|tensorflow-runtime-universal
https://github.com/sonalPuthane/RGBLED.git|Contributed|Srp_RGB_1
https://github.com/RobTillaart/MCP330X.git|Contributed|MCP330X
https://github.com/TheSpaceEgg/MKSServoCAN.git|Contributed|MKSServoCAN
https://github.com/ArduCAM/Arducam_Qwiic_CAM_Arduino.git|Contributed|Arducam_Qwiic_CAM
https://github.com/m5stack/M5-LoRaWAN-RAK.git|Contributed|M5-LoRaWAN-RAK
https://github.com/salernosimone/espkit-arduino.git|Contributed|espkit
https://github.com/salim-mrw/USB-Rubber.git|Contributed|usbrubber
https://github.com/xreef/MultiFTPServer.git|Contributed|MultiFTPServer
https://github.com/mobizt/ReadyMail.git|Contributed|ReadyMail
https://github.com/austin207/ArduinoCalculus.git|Contributed|CalculusCore
https://github.com/probonopd/KeypadSim.git|Contributed|KeypadSim
https://github.com/CheezCheez/CheezsEMG.git|Contributed|CheezsEMG
https://github.com/TheKvc/ServoHack.git|Contributed|ServoHack
https://github.com/microbotsio/CodeCell-MicroLink.git|Contributed|CodeCell MicroLink
https://github.com/miniiot/miniiot-arduino.git|Contributed|MiniIot
https://github.com/fanfanlatulipe26/ESP32_ppm.git|Contributed|ESP32_ppm
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_C4001.git|Contributed|DFRobot_C4001
https://github.com/drmpf/RTC_NTP_replacement.git|Contributed|RTC_NTP_replacement
https://github.com/jmksn/ArduEasy.git|Contributed|ArduEasy
https://github.com/eyr1n/RP2040PIO_CAN.git|Contributed|RP2040PIO_CAN
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-EXTIO.git|Contributed|M5Unit-EXTIO
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-DISTANCE.git|Contributed|M5Unit-DISTANCE
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-Audio.git|Contributed|Module-Audio
https://github.com/Arduino15/A15RGB.git|Contributed|A15RGB
https://github.com/zahidaof/SIM7600_TTS.git|Contributed|SIM7600 TTS Library
https://github.com/eyr1n/esp32-ps3.git|Contributed|Fork of PS3 Controller Host
https://github.com/belem2050/LightTaskScheduler.git|Contributed|LightTaskScheduler
https://github.com/eyr1n/ESP32_TWAI.git|Contributed|ESP32_TWAI
https://github.com/PelicanHu/ESPCPUTemp.git|Contributed|ESPCPUTemp
https://github.com/tedlanghorst/LP5562.git|Contributed|LP5562
https://github.com/VictorDRE/CV7Lib.git|Contributed|CV7Lib
https://github.com/CheezCheez/CheezPPG.git|Contributed|CheezPPG
https://github.com/misch2/BQ25798_Library.git|Contributed|BQ25798
https://github.com/acornelissen/DTS6012M_UART.git|Contributed|DTS6012M_UART
https://github.com/pololu/acs37800-arduino.git|Contributed|ACS37800
https://github.com/peto-3210/ShiftRegisterPISO.git|Contributed|ShiftRegisterPISO
https://github.com/whchun/waveshare-epd.git|Contributed|Waveshare_EPD
https://github.com/Johboh/GCMEncryption.git|Contributed|GCMEncryption
https://github.com/leofig-rj/Arduino-LF_LoRa.git|Contributed|LF_LoRa
https://github.com/Johboh/ieee-802_15_4.git|Contributed|ieee-802_15_4
https://github.com/Johboh/ieee-802_15_4-network-shared.git|Contributed|ieee-802_15_4-network-shared
https://github.com/IvoryRubble/ArduinoNesGamepadLibrary.git|Contributed|NesGamepad
https://github.com/liquidCS/esp32ARP.git|Contributed|esp32ARP
https://github.com/IvoryRubble/ArduinoSegaGamepadLibrary.git|Contributed|SegaGamepad
https://github.com/koendv/xyc-als21c-k1.git|Contributed|xyc_als21c
https://github.com/JimKnowler/Arduino_Waldo.git|Contributed|Waldo
https://github.com/RobTillaart/74HC590.git|Contributed|74HC590
https://github.com/tttapa/Control-Surface.git|Contributed|Control Surface
https://github.com/crystalfontz/Arduino_CFA039A0-N-V_Library.git|Contributed|Crystalfontz CFA039A0-N-V Library
https://github.com/koendv/curveFitting.git|Contributed|curveFitting
https://github.com/ahagelberg/PropulsionStepper.git|Contributed|PropulsionStepper
https://github.com/beeneotr/ooreneo.git|Contributed|ooreneo
https://github.com/lostcaggy/rotary_caggy.git|Contributed|CaggyRotary
https://github.com/RobotZwrrl/RobotButterfly_Library.git|Contributed|RobotButterfly
https://github.com/Bina-Lee/FSR16x16_BNL.git|Contributed|FSR16x16_BNL
https://github.com/rock7/RockBLOCK-9704.git|Contributed|RockBLOCK-9704
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_mpm_parser.git|Contributed|htcw_mpm_parser
https://github.com/bonezegei/Bonezegei_JSON.git|Contributed|Bonezegei_JSON
https://github.com/FarhanKhosravi/Dynamic_Window_Filter.git|Contributed|Dynamic Window Filter
https://github.com/qemu-gazebo-sim/p2os-arduino.git|Contributed|P2OS
https://github.com/beastbroak30/Mecmotor.git|Contributed|Mecmotor
https://github.com/Kostovite/TWAI_ISO-TP.git|Contributed|ESP32 TWAI ISO-TP
https://github.com/MAHESHKUMARM001/NeoHome_IOT.git|Contributed|NeoHome
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_NetworkConfigurator.git|Arduino|Arduino_NetworkConfigurator
https://github.com/DIYables/DIYables_TFT_Shield.git|Contributed|DIYables TFT Shield
https://github.com/BareMetal6502/BuzzKill-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|BuzzKill
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_OPT4048.git|Recommended|Adafruit OPT4048
https://github.com/RobTillaart/Metronome.git|Contributed|Metronome
https://github.com/Thingsly/Thingsly_IoT_Platform.git|Contributed|Thingsly_IoT_Platform
https://github.com/SkaFUU/AsyncWebOTA.git|Contributed|AsyncWebOTA
https://github.com/Innuvatech/PatchugoLite_Arduino_Manager.git|Contributed|PatchugoLite Arduino Library
https://github.com/ShahazadAbdulla/mpu6050-aries-library.git|Contributed|MPU6050Aries
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_base64.git|Contributed|htcw_base64
https://github.com/thomasfredericks/MicroSlip.git|Contributed|MicroSlip
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM92S2231-1.git|Contributed|BM92S2231-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM62S2301-1.git|Contributed|BM62S2301-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM42S3021-1.git|Contributed|BM42S3021-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMB22M181A.git|Contributed|BMB22M181A
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM25S2621-1.git|Contributed|BM25S2621-1
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM25S4021-1.git|Contributed|BM25S4021-1
https://github.com/DIYables/DIYables_TFT_Touch_Shield.git|Contributed|DIYables TFT Touch Shield
https://github.com/Bina-Lee/PWM2motor_BNL.git|Contributed|PWM2motor_BNL
https://github.com/neondatabase-labs/NeonPostgresOverHTTP.git|Contributed|NeonPostgresOverHTTP
https://github.com/socialbodylab/UWB-MaUWB-AT.git|Contributed|UWB-MaUWB-AT
https://github.com/tesla-jedi/PersistentJsonEEPROM.git|Contributed|PersistentJsonEEPROM
https://github.com/earlephilhower/PicoLlama.git|Contributed|PicoLlama
https://bitbucket.org/jamesneko/lazy-serial.git|Contributed|LazySerial
https://github.com/Uiop3385/CommandHandler.git|Contributed|CommandHandler
https://github.com/peto-3210/ModbusRTU.git|Contributed|ModbusRTU
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_STSPIN.git|Recommended|Adafruit STSPIN
https://github.com/ruiseixasm/JsonTalkie.git|Contributed|JsonTalkie
https://github.com/sciosense/ens190-arduino.git|Contributed|ScioSense_ENS190
https://github.com/depben/PT7C4339-RTC.git|Contributed|PT7C4339-RTC
https://github.com/RCduino/RCduino.git|Contributed|RCduino
https://github.com/styropyr0/mjoln_fs.git|Contributed|MjolnFileSystem
https://github.com/Ynvisible-Electronics/YNV-Driver-v5-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|YNV_Driver_v5
https://github.com/owochel/MistMaker.git|Contributed|MistMaker
https://github.com/Ewan-Dev/mpu6050.git|Contributed|mpu6050
https://github.com/Faizyee/Socketyee.git|Contributed|Socketyee
https://github.com/devilhyt/lump-device-builder-library.git|Contributed|LumpDeviceBuilder
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_INA237_INA238.git|Recommended|Adafruit INA237 and INA238 Library
https://github.com/santerilindfors/BL0942.git|Contributed|BL0942
https://github.com/lahavg/QMI8658-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|QMI8658
https://github.com/ivanmari/bare-poller.git|Contributed|BarePoller
https://github.com/ImSpeddy/QuickUltrasonic.git|Contributed|QuickUltrasonic
https://github.com/sebastianregelmann/CypressCY8CMBR3116.git|Contributed|CypressCY8CMBR3116
https://github.com/k3ldar/MovementDetector.git|Contributed|MovementDetector
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-INFRARED.git|Contributed|M5Unit-INFRARED
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-CRYPTO.git|Contributed|M5Unit-CRYPTO
https://github.com/marcel-naderer/Lexo.git|Contributed|Lexo
https://github.com/robotieee/compkit.git|Contributed|compkit
https://github.com/joshua-8/xrp-style-wpilib-comms.git|Contributed|xrp-style-wpilib-comms
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_imu.git|Contributed|bb_imu
https://github.com/Johboh/ieee-802_15_4-network-host.git|Contributed|ieee-802_15_4-network-host
https://github.com/Johboh/ieee-802_15_4-network-node.git|Contributed|ieee-802_15_4-network-node
https://github.com/aikopras/Servo-TCA.git|Contributed|Servo_TCA
https://github.com/arnabdebnath208/TimeoutScheduler.git|Contributed|TimeoutScheduler
https://github.com/rzuehlsd/OTA-Template.git|Contributed|OTA_Template
https://github.com/cearto/ThingPlusBLEOSC.git|Contributed|ThingPlusBLEOSC
https://github.com/SequentMicrosystems/Sequent-8mosfet-Library.git|Contributed|SM_8MOS
https://github.com/ExMikuPro/WiFiCaptive.git|Contributed|WiFiCaptive
https://github.com/Circuit-Digest/GeoLinker.git|Contributed|GeoLinker
https://github.com/EatingJan1/MCAnemometer-Ultrasonic.git|Contributed|MCAnemometer
https://github.com/EatingJan1/arduino-esp32-matter-extra-endpoints.git|Contributed|esp32_matter_extra_endpoints
https://github.com/aircey/lig-i2c-gateway.git|Contributed|LIG Little I2C Gateway
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-upt-display.git|Contributed|Sensirion UPT Display
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM6DSV16BX.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM6DSV16BX
https://github.com/stm32duino/LSM6DSV16BX-TDM.git|Contributed|STM32duino LSM6DSV16BX TDM
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_AS7343_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun AS7343 Arduino Library
https://github.com/manoj26may/CodePrinter.git|Contributed|CodePrinter
https://github.com/fiskbil/PressureTransducer.git|Contributed|PressureTransducer
https://github.com/cearto/SlipPump.git|Contributed|SlipPump
https://github.com/manoj26may/IOT.git|Contributed|IOT
https://github.com/zukardex/DigiPIN.git|Contributed|DigiPIN
https://github.com/DIYables/DIYables_TFT_Round.git|Contributed|DIYables TFT Round
https://github.com/anonymousaga/TzDbLookup.git|Contributed|TzDbLookup
https://github.com/avisha95/AViShaOTA.git|Contributed|AViShaOTA
https://github.com/Herobrine-pixel/AudioCompass.git|Contributed|AudioCompass
https://github.com/GabyGold67/ShiftRegGPIOXpander_AVR.git|Contributed|ShiftRegGPIOXpander_AVR
https://github.com/Herobrine-pixel/TouchSensorLib.git|Contributed|TouchSensorLib
https://github.com/NightHawk-Technology/gnome-avr.git|Contributed|Gnome AVR
https://github.com/tardate/TextFinder.git|Contributed|TextFinder
https://github.com/diy-electron1cs/DE_tacho.git|Contributed|DE_tacho
https://github.com/magnus-cpu/NexNTC.git|Contributed|NEXNTC
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_CapacitiveTouch.git|Arduino|Arduino_CapacitiveTouchUNO
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_AS5600.git|Recommended|Adafruit AS5600 Library
https://github.com/deshrit/SimpleRegression.git|Contributed|SimpleRegression
https://github.com/Herobrine-pixel/LEDPatternLib.git|Contributed|LEDPatternLib
https://github.com/Herobrine-pixel/LaserToMap360.git|Contributed|LaserToMap360
https://github.com/EgosFeic/EgLang.git|Contributed|EgLang
https://github.com/RomanZ1243/LEDIndication.git|Contributed|LEDIndication
https://github.com/sbarabe/SBK_HT16K33.git|Contributed|SBK_HT16K33
https://github.com/sbarabe/SBK_BarDrive.git|Contributed|SBK_BarDrive
https://github.com/sbarabe/SBK_MAX72xx.git|Contributed|SBK_MAX72xx
https://gitlab.com/8bitforce/kdram2560.git|Contributed|kdram2560
https://github.com/regimantas/EasyInterval.git|Contributed|EasyInterval
https://github.com/GuLinux/AsyncWiFiMulti.git|Contributed|AsyncWiFiMulti
https://github.com/fadhil-1911/MyDHT22.git|Contributed|MyDHT22
https://github.com/regimantas/ChaCha32Arduino.git|Contributed|ChaCha32
https://github.com/aikopras/AP_DCC_Decoder_Core.git|Contributed|AP_DCC_Decoder_Core
https://github.com/regimantas/PY32LowPower.git|Contributed|PY32LowPower
https://github.com/bahr1k/esp-arduino-tunnel.git|Contributed|EspTunnel
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AD7390.git|Contributed|AD7390
https://github.com/danmowehhuk/SDStorage.git|Contributed|SDStorage
https://github.com/danmowehhuk/StreamableDTO.git|Contributed|StreamableDTO
https://github.com/ronibandini/ESP32N8NButton.git|Contributed|ESP32N8NButton
https://github.com/ardlib/bosejis_PKAE_Timer.git|Contributed|PKAE_Timer
https://github.com/saveme1507/EasyMQTT.git|Contributed|EasyMQTT
https://github.com/MAKE-arduino/M_RGB.git|Contributed|M_RGB
https://github.com/sciosense/ufm01-arduino.git|Contributed|ScioSense_UFM01
https://github.com/llcesselx/lcd595.git|Contributed|LCD595-ISU
https://github.com/CurtoLab/miniMachine.git|Contributed|miniMachineBLE
https://github.com/G1OJS/G1OJS_Tiny_Si5351_CLK0.git|Contributed|G1OJS_Tiny_Si5351_CLK0
https://github.com/EatingJan1/NeoPixel-Animation-lib.git|Contributed|NeoPixel-Animation-lib
https://github.com/kkfranco98/QuickSerial.git|Contributed|QuickSerial
https://github.com/elvandry13/UltrasonicA02YYUW.git|Contributed|UltrasonicA02YYUW
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-AudioPlayer.git|Contributed|M5UnitAudioPlayer
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-stcc4.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C STCC4
https://github.com/fmeng/FastRotaryEncoder.git|Contributed|FastRotaryEncoder
https://github.com/cvrelectronica/EasyRobot.git|Contributed|EasyRobot
https://github.com/jobitjoseph/SimpleOLED.git|Contributed|SimpleOLED
https://github.com/milad-nikpendar/initMemory.git|Contributed|initMemory
https://github.com/codewitch-honey-crisis/htcw_chess.git|Contributed|htcw_chess
https://github.com/mmercalde/SchneiderModbusTCP.git|Contributed|SchneiderModbusTCP
https://github.com/arshidkv12/WiFiPortalESP8266.git|Contributed|WiFiPortalESP8266
https://github.com/GabyGold67/ClickCounter_ESP32.git|Contributed|ClickCounter_ESP32
https://github.com/wuttipong-ug/Bakmi.git|Contributed|Bakmi
https://github.com/KrrishVerma/Atmel_M90E32AS_ESP32.git|Contributed|Atmel_M90E32AS_ESP32
https://github.com/phuongnamzz/HLK-LD6002.git|Contributed|HLK-LD6002
https://github.com/GyverLibs/uPID.git|Contributed|uPID
https://github.com/matteo-colombo-kernel/SimpleConnect.git|Contributed|SimpleConnect
https://github.com/GyverLibs/UART_RF.git|Contributed|UART_RF
https://github.com/edreanernst/BQ27427_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|BQ27427 Battery Fuel Gauge Arduino Library
https://github.com/ahmadfathan/DMD32Plus.git|Contributed|DMD32Plus
https://github.com/dwan6767/lowkeyssd1306.git|Contributed|lowkeyoled
https://github.com/Init-io/InitJson.git|Contributed|InitJson
https://github.com/ArtronShop/ArtronShop_BL0940.git|Contributed|ArtronShop_BL0940
https://github.com/Init-io/InitMQTT.git|Contributed|InitMQTT
https://github.com/RCmags/CN0391.git|Contributed|CN0391
https://github.com/joshua-8/HCSRO4_attachInterrupt.git|Contributed|HCSRO4_attachInterrupt
https://github.com/RobTillaart/TCRT5000.git|Contributed|TCRT5000
https://github.com/Circuit-Digest/GeoLinkerLite.git|Contributed|GeoLinker Lite
https://github.com/aiplayuser/esp8266easylib.git|Contributed|esp8266easylib
https://github.com/mcmchris/mcm-atm90e32-lib.git|Contributed|MCM_ATM90E32
https://github.com/lukdog/BleValueSync.git|Contributed|BleValueSync
https://github.com/GyverLibs/RGBLED.git|Contributed|RGBLED
https://github.com/mikeedudee/MS5611-Mike-Refactored.git|Contributed|MS5611 Library Mike Refactored
https://github.com/TheBlackSwitch/PS2Keyboard.git|Contributed|PS2KEyboard
https://github.com/SNP-FIT/ampify-soil-moisture-sensor.git|Contributed|AmpifySoilMoisture
https://github.com/GalaidaMaxim/Delayer.git|Contributed|Delayer
https://github.com/msnicklous/BufferedTrace.git|Contributed|BufferedTrace
https://github.com/HS3UKA/HS3UKA_PCF8574.git|Contributed|HS3UKA_PCF8574
https://github.com/PowerBroker2/Optimization.git|Contributed|Optimization
https://github.com/muhpuc40/MacRandomizer.git|Contributed|MacRandomizer
https://github.com/k-off/A4988.git|Contributed|A4988
https://github.com/tyeth/omron-devhub_d6t-arduino.git|Contributed|OmronD6T - Community Fork
https://github.com/RacoonX65/LightweightIoT-Arduino-Lib.git|Contributed|LightweightIoT
https://github.com/deeja/BTHomeV2-Arduino.git|Contributed|BTHomeV2-Arduino
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_quantity.git|Contributed|roo_quantity
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_threads.git|Contributed|roo_threads
https://github.com/faisalill/BMP390.git|Contributed|BMP390
https://github.com/RacoonX65/CalibrationLib.git|Contributed|CalibrationLib
https://github.com/phuongnamzz/HLK-LD2410S.git|Contributed|HLK-LD2410S
https://github.com/danel32/Arduino-Library-for-MAX7300.git|Contributed|MAX7300
https://github.com/SpaceTrekKSC/MakerBox.git|Contributed|SpaceTrek MakerBox
https://github.com/mirosieber/OPT300x.git|Contributed|OPT300x
https://github.com/esharp17/Mecanum_Base.git|Contributed|MecanumBase
https://github.com/aiplayuser/esp32easylib.git|Contributed|esp32easylib
https://github.com/brianvarren/EEncoder.git|Contributed|EEncoder
https://github.com/esharp17/INA219_Plus.git|Contributed|INA219_Plus
https://github.com/beegee-tokyo/RAK_LPP.git|Contributed|RAK_LPP
https://github.com/BackLogers/RYUW122_UWB.git|Contributed|RYUW122_UWB
https://github.com/LCerimeli/StratoLit-BQ25611D.git|Contributed|StratoLit-BQ25611D
https://github.com/brianvarren/DACless.git|Contributed|DACless
https://github.com/gly-engine/core-native-arduino.git|Contributed|GlyEngine
https://github.com/AntonioPrevitali/ApJSY194T.git|Contributed|ApJSY194T
https://github.com/ArthZ01/JWT-Lib.git|Contributed|JWTUtils
https://github.com/ArthZ01/AES-Lib.git|Contributed|AESUtils
https://github.com/PlayingWithFusion/PWFusion_SHT3X.git|Contributed|PWFusion_SHT3X
https://github.com/EduKits/ManagedButtons.git|Contributed|ManagedButtons
https://github.com/fadhil-1911/SmartTM1637.git|Contributed|SmartTM1637
https://github.com/RacoonX65/WiFiEnterprise.git|Contributed|ESP32WiFiEnterprise
https://github.com/Pius171/LTC2959-library.git|Contributed|LTC2959
https://github.com/sensebox/SerialSDManager.git|Contributed|SerialSDManager
https://github.com/edovis/TMP126.git|Contributed|TMP126
https://github.com/X-croot/L298N-XCR.git|Contributed|L298N-XCR
https://github.com/kkfranco98/FIR_Filters.git|Contributed|FIR_Filters
https://github.com/AbdulKus/72x40oled_lib.git|Contributed|72x40oled_lib
https://github.com/m-shintaro/SpresenseIMU.git|Contributed|SpresenseIMU
https://github.com/X-croot/UltraSonicXCR.git|Contributed|UltraSonicXCR
https://github.com/msnicklous/CommandCatcher.git|Contributed|CommandCatcher
https://github.com/X-croot/RelayXCR.git|Contributed|RelayXCR
https://github.com/X-croot/BuzzerXCR.git|Contributed|BuzzerXCR
https://github.com/UnexpectedMaker/seriesd_arduino_helper.git|Contributed|UM SeriesD Helper
https://github.com/X-croot/MQ135-XCR.git|Contributed|MQ135-XCR
https://github.com/X-croot/LM35_XCR.git|Contributed|LM35_XCR
https://github.com/Spb2005/TFAReceiver.git|Contributed|TFAReceiver for Dostmann 30.3208
https://github.com/markub3327/Task.git|Contributed|Task
https://github.com/markub3327/LiquidCrystal_I2C.git|Contributed|LiquidCrystal_I2C
https://github.com/X-croot/TB6612FNG_XCR.git|Contributed|TB6612FNG_XCR
https://github.com/GyverLibs/StringN.git|Contributed|StringN
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GVector.git|Contributed|GVector
https://github.com/styropyr0/Wizer.git|Contributed|Wizer
https://github.com/scalpelspace/scalpelspace_momentum.git|Contributed|ScalpelSpace Momentum
https://github.com/bull-m/BULLM_ExtendMotor.git|Contributed|BULLM_ExtendMotor
https://github.com/boby15000/Tempo.git|Contributed|Tempo
https://github.com/X-croot/XCR-LDR.git|Contributed|XCR-LDR
https://github.com/LFranklinApps/Custom_Robot_Control.git|Contributed|Custom_Robot_Control
https://github.com/npuckett/WebGUI.git|Contributed|WebGUI
https://github.com/kolod/Arduino-Simple-Modbus-Slave.git|Contributed|SimpleModbusSlave
https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_Brainflow_SpO2_Algorithm.git|Contributed|BrainflowSpO2Algorithm
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-TUBE.git|Contributed|M5Unit-TUBE
https://github.com/TelemetryHarbor/harbor-sdk-c-plus-plus.git|Contributed|TelemetryHarborSDK
https://github.com/ycharfi09/QTRMuxes.git|Contributed|QTRMuxes
https://github.com/jmwanderer/RYLR_LoRaAT.git|Contributed|RYLR_LoRaAT
https://github.com/Rupakpoddar/ESP32Sonos.git|Contributed|Sonos
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMH12M205.git|Contributed|BMH12M205
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMS56M206A.git|Contributed|BMS56M206A
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMH08101.git|Contributed|BMH08101
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BMV31M304A.git|Contributed|BMV31M304A
https://github.com/HamzaYslmn/Esp32-RTOS-Serial.git|Contributed|Esp32-RTOS-Serial
https://github.com/Zakrzewiaczek/pantryclient-esp.git|Contributed|PantryClient
https://github.com/John-Karatka/MAX6953.git|Contributed|MAX6953
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverMenu.git|Contributed|GyverMenu
https://github.com/EduKits/UltraPing.git|Contributed|UltraPing
https://github.com/MicroSui/microsui-lib.git|Contributed|MicroSui
https://github.com/muki01/OBD2_KLine_Library.git|Contributed|OBD2 K-Line
https://github.com/MouseZver/AsyncTempSensor.git|Contributed|AsyncTempSensor
https://github.com/max22-/ble-keyboard-mouse-client.git|Contributed|ble-keyboard-mouse-client
https://github.com/Matthew-a-smith/OpenEdgeStack.git|Contributed|OpenEdgeStack
https://github.com/tingerlingerr/DigiPotX9C.git|Contributed|DigiPotX9C
https://github.com/exosite/arduino_exosite_http.git|Contributed|Exosite IIoT HTTP Device
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_ADS1115_0_10V.git|Contributed|DFRobot_ADS1115_0_10V
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_AS6221.git|Contributed|DFRobot_AS6221
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_Cosmo.git|Contributed|DFRobot_Cosmo
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_GestureFaceDetection.git|Contributed|DFRobot_GestureFaceDetection
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_GNSSAndRTC.git|Contributed|DFRobot_GNSSAndRTC
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_LTR308.git|Contributed|DFRobot_LTR308
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_SFA40.git|Contributed|DFRobot_SFA40
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_TM6605.git|Contributed|DFRobot_TM6605
https://github.com/mabuware/MabuTrace.git|Contributed|MabuTrace
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-SGP30.git|Contributed|MentorBit-SGP30
https://github.com/John-Karatka/DS1621.git|Contributed|DS1621
https://github.com/Martin4017/LCDShiftView.git|Contributed|LCDShiftView
https://github.com/NartemAI/NaiPot.git|Contributed|NaiPot
https://github.com/njazz/rowguelike.git|Contributed|rowguelike
https://github.com/akarimiz1/E62Module.git|Contributed|E62Module
https://github.com/ErtugrulKra/ESP-Music.git|Contributed|ESP-Music
https://github.com/nexbyteio/ZenLib.git|Contributed|ZenLib
https://github.com/tomorrow56/ESP32_LINE_Messaging_API.git|Contributed|ESP32_LINE_Messaging_API
https://github.com/toddpan/xiaozhi-esp32-mcp.git|Contributed|xiaozhi-mcp
https://github.com/TexhFexLabs/HydroNode-Library.git|Contributed|HydroNode-Library
https://github.com/ConsentiumIoT/EdgeSense.git|Contributed|EdgeSense
https://github.com/alecxcode/LX16A-bus.git|Contributed|LX16A-bus
https://github.com/Valdemir-DSW/val_flash_spi.git|Contributed|val_flash_spi
https://github.com/boby15000/SensorCurrent.git|Contributed|SensorCurrent
https://github.com/AntonioPrevitali/ApJSY163T.git|Contributed|ApJSY163T
https://github.com/MicrochipTech/RNWF02_WIFI_ARDUINO_LIBRARY.git|Contributed|Microchip_RNWF02
https://github.com/OlivierPcheux/MTobjects.git|Contributed|MTobjects
https://github.com/GyverLibs/GyverPing.git|Contributed|GyverPing
https://github.com/dayatkun01/ClearDS1302.git|Contributed|ClearDS1302
https://github.com/ennio64/CL57R-Stepper-Driver-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|CL57RStepper
https://github.com/senex-code/CarBase.git|Contributed|CarBase
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-Step16.git|Contributed|M5UnitStep16
https://github.com/Zefek/MQTTESP8266.git|Contributed|MQTTESP8266
https://github.com/aneesharnavch/microdsp.git|Contributed|microdsp
https://github.com/muchaste/Ardoxy.git|Contributed|Ardoxy
https://github.com/qqqlab/ESPnow-RC.git|Contributed|ESPnow-RC
https://github.com/AntonioPrevitali/ApJSY333.git|Contributed|ApJSY333
https://github.com/CQUPTHXC/HXC_CAN.git|Contributed|HXC_CAN
https://github.com/leftCoast/LC_extSerial.git|Contributed|LC_extSerial
https://github.com/tbekas/BLE-Gamepad-Client.git|Contributed|BLE-Gamepad-Client
https://github.com/me-RK/WiFiCreds.git|Contributed|WiFiCreds
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_uBlox.git|Recommended|Adafruit uBlox
https://github.com/positronic57/MCP9808SensorLib.git|Contributed|MCP9808SensorLib
https://github.com/AvantMaker/ESP32_AI_Connect.git|Contributed|ESP32_AI_Connect
https://github.com/Jodeenio/74HC595Plus.git|Contributed|74HC595Plus
https://github.com/sstaub/ST7565DOG.git|Contributed|ST7565DOG
https://github.com/Nezaemmy/NezaButton.git|Contributed|NezaButton
https://github.com/wisec/tinysleeper.git|Contributed|TinySleeper
https://github.com/piruetasxyz/FrecuenciasMIDI.git|Contributed|FrecuenciasMIDI
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Authentication_Coprocessor_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Authentication Coprocessor Arduino Library
https://github.com/TheProgrammerFundation/EasyArduino.git|Contributed|EasyArduino
https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Apple_Accessory_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|SparkFun Apple Accessory Arduino Library
https://github.com/RobTillaart/I2C_CAT24M01.git|Contributed|I2C_CAT24M01
https://github.com/Nezaemmy/Neza74HC595.git|Contributed|Neza74HC595
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/BMP280_LTSM.git|Contributed|BMP280_LTSM
https://github.com/Nezaemmy/Neza74HC165.git|Contributed|Neza74HC165
https://github.com/AmissDrake/MDLib.git|Contributed|MDLib
https://github.com/chrissank/JKBMSInterface.git|Contributed|JKBMSInterface
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MLX90632.git|Recommended|Adafruit MLX90632 Library
https://github.com/GyverLibs/uButton.git|Contributed|uButton
https://github.com/Nezaemmy/NezaIR.git|Contributed|NezaIR
https://github.com/BorisKotlyarov/ESP8266-WiFiSetupManager.git|Contributed|ESP8266-WiFiSetupManager
https://github.com/Stutchbury/SerialMessageEvents.git|Contributed|SerialMessageEvents
https://github.com/max22-/cst816d.git|Contributed|cst816d
https://github.com/HarutoHiroki/VFDDisplay.git|Contributed|VFDDisplay
https://github.com/abcdaaaaaaaaa/RadioactiveDataScience.git|Contributed|RadioactiveSpaceData
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_QMC5883P.git|Recommended|Adafruit QMC5883P Library
https://github.com/steveeidemiller/SE_BME680.git|Contributed|SE_BME680
https://github.com/salernosimone/arduino-espx.git|Contributed|espx
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/ERM19264_UC1609_TEXT.git|Contributed|ERM19264_UC1609_TEXT
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BME36M280A.git|Contributed|BME36M280A
https://github.com/BestModules-Libraries/BM62S6021-1.git|Contributed|BM62S6021-1
https://github.com/anaveo/KL1508CW.git|Contributed|KL1508CW
https://github.com/teldrive-jpg/modbusmaster-GigaR1.git|Contributed|ModbusMaster_GigaR1
https://github.com/flashstacks06/SimpleMenu.git|Contributed|SimpleMenu
https://github.com/SibEnergy/TelegramMess.git|Contributed|TelegramMess
https://github.com/SibEnergy/RTC_DS1302.git|Contributed|RTC_DS1302
https://github.com/ntirushwajeanmarc/CircuitNotion.git|Contributed|CircuitNotion
https://github.com/kodediy/kode_bq27220.git|Contributed|kode_bq27220
https://github.com/RileyCornelius/FmtLib-Arduino.git|Contributed|FmtLib
https://github.com/ArtronShop/TinkerC6_Library.git|Contributed|Tinker C6
https://github.com/junan8733/RamjiButton.git|Contributed|RamjiButton
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_bq25628e.git|Recommended|Adafruit BQ25628E Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BMP5xx.git|Recommended|Adafruit BMP5xx Library
https://github.com/jaikulk14/QuickAPConnect.git|Contributed|QuickAPConnect
https://github.com/tobiastl/LD2412.git|Contributed|LD2412
https://github.com/RileyCornelius/FormatLog.git|Contributed|FormatLog
https://github.com/yosob/SL_simpletask.git|Contributed|SL_simpletask
https://github.com/German-source/MicroOS.git|Contributed|MicroOS
https://github.com/twin-science-robotics/hw_twin_aiot_module_arduino_library.git|Contributed|Twin_AIoT
https://github.com/TektiteBiz/TektiteRotEv.git|Contributed|Tektite RotEv Controller
https://github.com/Benas09/FujitsuAC.git|Contributed|FujitsuAC
https://github.com/DIYables/arduino-uno-r4-web-server-library.git|Contributed|Web Server for Arduino Uno R4 WiFi
https://github.com/Raghav117/bluetooth_ota_firmware_update.git|Contributed|BLE OTA Update
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SMC.git|Contributed|SMC
https://github.com/laddge/esp32-pasori-rcs300.git|Contributed|esp32-pasori-rcs300
https://github.com/bastian2001/Fixed-Point-int.git|Contributed|Fixed_Point_int
https://github.com/kodediy/kode_MAX31329.git|Contributed|kode_MAX31329
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/display16_LTSM.git|Contributed|display16_LTSM
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/ST7735_LTSM.git|Contributed|ST7735_LTSM
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-CANBus.git|Contributed|MentorBit-CANBus
https://github.com/Pallob-Gain/packet_device.git|Contributed|Packet_Device
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-LIS3DH.git|Contributed|MentorBit-LIS3DH
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-RS232.git|Contributed|MentorBit-RS232
https://github.com/Zefek/TX07K-TXC.git|Contributed|TX07K-TXC Temperature sensor Library
https://github.com/PTSolns/BMx280.git|Contributed|BMx280
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/ST7789_LTSM.git|Contributed|ST7789_LTSM
https://github.com/Xinyuan-LilyGO/LilyGoLib.git|Contributed|LilyGoLib
https://github.com/salesiopark/Chaino.git|Contributed|Chaino
https://github.com/m5stack/M5SwitchC6-ESP-NOW.git|Contributed|M5SwitchC6-ESP-NOW
https://github.com/jaikulk14/DataLinkSerial.git|Contributed|DataLinkSerial
https://github.com/Andreas1313/SequenceTiming.git|Contributed|SequenceTiming
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/SSD1331_LTSM.git|Contributed|SSD1331_LTSM
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/GC9A01_LTSM.git|Contributed|GC9A01_LTSM
https://github.com/orji123/Irisoled.git|Contributed|Irisoled
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VEML6046.git|Recommended|Adafruit VEML6046 Library
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TCS3430.git|Recommended|Adafruit TCS3430 Library
https://github.com/esicoe/BME280_LITE.git|Contributed|BME280_LITE
https://github.com/tomorrow56/ESPNowAutoPairing.git|Contributed|ESPNowAutoPairing
https://github.com/yohanna02/ESPComm.git|Contributed|ESPComm
https://github.com/gavinlyonsrepo/ILI9341_LTSM.git|Contributed|ILI9341_LTSM
https://github.com/CuiYao631/HomeSpan-zh.git|Contributed|HomeSpan-zh
https://github.com/milad-nikpendar/initBuzzer.git|Contributed|initBuzzer
https://github.com/milad-nikpendar/initGT911.git|Contributed|initGT911
https://github.com/gvp-257/SendOnlySerial.git|Contributed|SendOnlySerial
https://github.com/satoyon/PFNFont.git|Contributed|PFNFont
https://github.com/jaikulk14/MQGasKit.git|Contributed|MQGasKit
https://github.com/kenchow96/faster-trig-2040.git|Contributed|faster-trig-2040
https://github.com/nexbyteio/ZenRTC.git|Contributed|ZenRTC
https://github.com/italo-coelho/Dimmer_ITC.git|Contributed|Dimmer_ITC
https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MHZ9041A.git|Contributed|DFRobot_MHZ9041A
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-Miniscale.git|Contributed|UNIT_MINISCALE
https://github.com/derdoktor667/DShotRMT.git|Contributed|DShotRMT
https://github.com/EnviroDIY/ANBSensorsModbus.git|Contributed|ANBSensorsModbus
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-HMC6343-3-Axis-Digital-Compass-Module-with-Tilt-Compensation-I2C-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi HMC6343 Compass
https://github.com/AirNgin/Airngin-stm32-mqtt-client.git|Contributed|AirNgin_STM32_MQTT_Client
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_STHS34PF80.git|Recommended|Adafruit STHS34PF80
https://github.com/AlphaNodesDev/SciFy-Iot.git|Contributed|SciFyIoT
https://github.com/RigelSixSix/flagManager.git|Contributed|flagManager
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-SCD4x-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7semi_SCD4x_CO2_Sensor
https://github.com/Robotistan/PicoBricks-for-ESP32-Arduino.git|Contributed|PicoBricks-for-ESP32
https://github.com/LordofRobots/LoR_v3.git|Contributed|LoR_v3
https://github.com/gvp-257/AnalogControlPanel.git|Contributed|AnalogControlPanel
https://github.com/ayresnet/AyresWiFiManager.git|Contributed|AyresWiFiManager
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-L89HA-GNSS-Module-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7semi_L89HA
https://github.com/felixardyansyah/FGV_CH224X.git|Contributed|FGV_CH224X
https://github.com/cocoisarobo/skytraq-navic.git|Contributed|skytraq
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sps30.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SPS30
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-uart-sps30.git|Contributed|Sensirion UART SPS30
https://github.com/CharminJunior/UOS.git|Contributed|UOS
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_SPA06_003.git|Recommended|Adafruit SPA06_003
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/DUERS485DMA.git|Contributed|DUERS485DMA
https://github.com/NitrofMtl/DUE-ModbusDMA.git|Contributed|DUE-ModbusDMA
https://github.com/rahulstva/RS_ThingSpeak.git|Contributed|RS_ThingSpeak
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-ADXL335-Analog-Accelerometer-Module-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi ADXL335 Accelerometer
https://github.com/abdullahtemel97/testfirmware.git|Contributed|miniGo
https://github.com/littlemanbuilds/ESP32_MCPWM.git|Contributed|ESP32_MCPWM
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-INA260-Current-Power-Voltage-Monitor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi INA260
https://github.com/Mataas08/ToFFilter.git|Contributed|ToFFilter
https://github.com/deepanshu-deshwal/SL001_Deepanshu.git|Contributed|SL001_Deepanshu
https://github.com/milescb/PlantMonitor.git|Contributed|PlantMonitor
https://github.com/tomorrow56/ESP32FwUploader.git|Contributed|ESP32FwUploader
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-BME690-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi BME690
https://github.com/Glinek/picoEEPROM.git|Contributed|picoEEPROM
https://github.com/deepanshu-deshwal/SL002_DHT11.git|Contributed|SL002_DHT11
https://github.com/abcdaaaaaaaaa/MG811DataScience.git|Contributed|MG811SpaceData
https://github.com/alexghrrsn/Ecowitt-Gateway-Parser.git|Contributed|Ecowitt-GW1000-TCP-Parser
https://github.com/felias-fogg/progmem_far.git|Contributed|progmem_far
https://github.com/harishfaqot/TF-LC02.git|Contributed|TF-LC02
https://github.com/harishfaqot/Atlas_EC.git|Contributed|Atlas_EC
https://github.com/derdoktor667/FlyskyIBUS.git|Contributed|FlyskyIBUS
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-PPS.git|Contributed|M5ModulePPS
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_PCM51xx.git|Recommended|Adafruit PCM51xx
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-VEML.git|Contributed|MentorBitVEML
https://github.com/DigitalCodesign/MentorBit-SensorHall.git|Contributed|MentorBit-HALL
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-ACS772-CurrentSensor-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|ACS772_CurrentSensor
https://github.com/bitcode-tech/bc7215ac.git|Contributed|BC7215AC_Universal_Aircon_Control
https://github.com/AndyNewlands/DualEncoderMenuSystem.git|Contributed|DualEncoderMenuSystem
https://github.com/gvp-257/AVRactivePower.git|Contributed|AVRactivePower
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-SHT4x-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi SHT4x
https://github.com/jonavarro22/MAX7SegmentDisplay.git|Contributed|MAX7SegmentDisplay
https://github.com/sutiana/WiFiConfigManager.git|Contributed|WiFiConfigManager
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-DS18B20-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi_DS18B20
https://github.com/RobTillaart/AS7331.git|Contributed|AS7331
https://github.com/littlemanbuilds/Universal_Button.git|Contributed|Universal_Button
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-MAX17048-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi_MAX17048
https://github.com/jobitjoseph/CH32X035_USBSerial.git|Contributed|CH32X035_USBSerial
https://github.com/abcdaaaaaaaaa/SP3S-AQ2DataScience.git|Contributed|SP3S-AQ2SpaceData
https://github.com/tobozo/LGFX_PPA.git|Contributed|LGFX_PPA
https://github.com/BlueskyBV/Easy_Web_Remote_Control-ESP32-.git|Contributed|Easy_Web_Remote_Control
https://github.com/JackHat1/MT07_CAN_Project.git|Contributed|MT07_CAN_Library
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-HX711-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi_HX711
https://github.com/Rmin-code2005/sh1106-1306_ui_assistance.git|Contributed|oled_graphic_assistance
https://github.com/Rmin-code2005/sparkey_gyro_I2C.git|Contributed|king_Armin_sparkyTDAxis12_I2C_lib
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sen63c.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SEN63C
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sen65.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SEN65
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-i2c-sen68.git|Contributed|Sensirion I2C SEN68
https://github.com/ayresnet/AyresShell.git|Contributed|AyresShell
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-ADS1xx5-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi_ADS1xx5
https://github.com/tomrodinger/Servomotor_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|Servomotor
https://github.com/PhoenixSmaug/AFMotor-Shield-R4-Compatible.git|Contributed|Adafruit Motor Shield R4 Compatible
https://github.com/csu333/TFTPClient.git|Contributed|TFTPClient
https://github.com/FT-tele/ST7305_MonoTFT_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|ST7305_MonoTFT_Library
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-ADS126x-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi_ADS126x
https://github.com/YoungEngineerMixertiX/MegaTPA.git|Contributed|MegaTPA
https://github.com/muki01/OBD2_CAN_Bus_Library.git|Contributed|OBD2 CanBus
https://github.com/RobTillaart/L9110.git|Contributed|L9110
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-ADS7830-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi ADS7830
https://github.com/Rmin-code2005/sparkey_gyro_i2c.git|Contributed|sparkey_gyro_I2C
https://github.com/KB-Sensor-Mart/iSYS4001.git|Contributed|iSYS4001
https://github.com/milad-nikpendar/initAuthorization.git|Contributed|initAuthorization
https://github.com/piruetasxyz/Perilla.git|Contributed|Perilla
https://github.com/ezz-30/arduino_tinkeriot.git|Contributed|tinkeriot
https://github.com/piruetasxyz/Boton.git|Contributed|Boton
https://github.com/ghi-electronics/duelink-libraries-arduino.git|Contributed|DUELink
https://github.com/charlie731/Simple_Esp32WiFiManager.git|Contributed|Simple_Esp32WiFiManager
https://github.com/littlemanbuilds/SnapshotBus.git|Contributed|SnapshotBus
https://github.com/Bitworx-cz/Updater.git|Contributed|Updater
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-MQ.git|Contributed|Unit MQ
https://github.com/Droidbane/ESPWiFiManagerByDroidbane.git|Contributed|ESPWiFiManagerByDroidbane
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-Microphone-SPK0641HT-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered Microphone SPK0641HT Library
https://github.com/SolderedElectronics/Soldered-DS3234-RTC-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|Soldered DS3234 RTC
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-MAX31865-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi_MAX31865
https://github.com/4dsystems/GFX4dESP32P4.git|Contributed|GFX4dESP32P4
https://github.com/vkumpan/TEA5767.git|Contributed|TEA5767
https://github.com/DIYables/DIYables-WebApps-Library.git|Contributed|DIYables WebApps
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_APDS9999.git|Arduino|Arduino_APDS9999
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-MCP23017-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi_MCP23017
https://github.com/tbwcjw/arduino-ps3mapi.git|Contributed|ps3mapi
https://github.com/vkumpan/ActionButtons.git|Contributed|ActionButtons
https://github.com/IwanIDev/lego-arduino-train.git|Contributed|LEGOTrainController
https://github.com/lemio/iqs5xx-b000_trackpad.git|Contributed|IQS5XX-B000 Trackpad
https://github.com/m5stack/ATOM-PRINTER.git|Contributed|ATOM-PRINTER
https://github.com/Hyperion-Robotics/wCK_Series.git|Contributed|wCK_Series
https://github.com/stm32duino/ISM6HG256X.git|Contributed|STM32duino ISM6HG256X
https://github.com/stm32duino/IIS2DULPX.git|Contributed|STM32duino IIS2DULPX
https://github.com/stm32duino/ISM330IS.git|Contributed|STM32duino ISM330IS
https://github.com/stm32duino/ILPS22QS.git|Contributed|STM32duino ILPS22QS
https://github.com/fulda1/SUSI2.git|Contributed|SUSI2
https://github.com/Harmony-Maker-Club/AIP1640_LED_Matrix.git|Contributed|AIP1640_LED_Matrix
https://github.com/MISTERNEGATIVE21/QuectelEC200U.git|Contributed|QuectelEC200U_CN
https://github.com/WeSpeakEnglish/ANTIRTOS_MODERN.git|Contributed|ANTIRTOS_MODERN
https://github.com/hidori/MicroSerial.git|Contributed|MicroSerial
https://github.com/gustavofisica/PulseHeartLab.git|Contributed|PulseHeartLab
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi-BNO055-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi_BNO055
https://github.com/ConsentiumIoT/EdgeVision.git|Contributed|EdgeVision
https://github.com/junzzhu/esp-mqtt-arduino.git|Contributed|esp-mqtt-arduino
https://github.com/puzzle-star/EspButtons.git|Contributed|EspButtons
https://github.com/skr-electronics-lab/OLEDKeyboard.git|Contributed|OLEDKeyboard
https://github.com/milad-nikpendar/IP5108.git|Contributed|IP5108
https://github.com/valeriofantozzi/TraccarClient.git|Contributed|TraccarClient
https://github.com/RobTillaart/DCT532.git|Contributed|DCT532
https://github.com/SofaPirate/PqLEDStrip.git|Contributed|PqLEDStrip
https://github.com/RobTillaart/SHT4x.git|Contributed|SHT4x
https://github.com/dougp2/Multi_Timer_V2.git|Contributed|Multi_Timer_V2
https://github.com/nonpawite/bcc-esp-dev.git|Contributed|BCC_ESP32S3
https://github.com/dac1e/RcSwitchTransmitter.git|Contributed|RcSwitchTransmitter
https://github.com/ennio64/StepperHAL_STM32F4x1-Library.git|Contributed|StepperHAL_STM32F4x1
https://github.com/ababdelo/ESPDiscordClient.git|Contributed|ESP Discord Client
https://github.com/AymenTurki0/Aerobotix_Arduino_navigation.git|Contributed|Aerobotix_Arduino_nav
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Module-4EncoderMotor.git|Contributed|M5Module-4EncoderMotor
https://github.com/mathieucarbou/MycilaDimmer.git|Contributed|MycilaDimmer
https://github.com/gvp-257/DietSerial.git|Contributed|DietSerial
https://github.com/dejwk/roo_blink.git|Contributed|roo_blink
https://github.com/Chanatip112/HanumanMini.git|Contributed|HanumanMini
https://github.com/almtzr/PedroRobot.git|Contributed|Pedro Robot
https://github.com/PubInv/SFM3X00.git|Contributed|SFM3X00
https://github.com/TEXHOUM/TEXHOUM_US.git|Contributed|TEXHOUM_US
https://github.com/TEXHOUM/TEXHOUM_MOTOR.git|Contributed|TEXHOUM_MOTOR
https://github.com/TEXHOUM/TEXHOUM_SERVO.git|Contributed|TEXHOUM_SERVO
https://github.com/Alteriom/EByte_LoRa_E220_Series_Library.git|Contributed|Alteriom_EByte_LoRa_E220
https://github.com/Sensirion/arduino-upt-ble-server.git|Contributed|Sensirion UPT BLE Server
https://github.com/mkgeiger/RadiaCode.git|Contributed|RadiaCode
https://github.com/SvenRosvall/VLCB-Arduino.git|Contributed|VLCB
https://github.com/Alteriom/painlessMesh.git|Contributed|Alteriom PainlessMesh
https://github.com/PWhite-Eng/SimpleNetManager.git|Contributed|SimpleNetManager
https://github.com/mitra42/frugal-iot.git|Contributed|Frugal-IoT
https://gitlab.com/Vishal1695/fastled_min.git|Contributed|FastLED_min
https://github.com/eakse/ESP32S3_SUPERMINI_PINOUT.git|Contributed|ESP32S3_SUPERMINI_PINOUT
https://github.com/kay-bs/KK-Switch.git|Contributed|KK-Switch
https://github.com/PervasiveDisplays/Pervasive_BWRY_Large.git|Contributed|Pervasive_BWRY_Large
https://github.com/PervasiveDisplays/Pervasive_BWRY_Medium.git|Contributed|Pervasive_BWRY_Medium
https://github.com/localrice/EasyWiFi.git|Contributed|EasyWiFi
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi_RS485_Temperature-Humidity-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|7Semi-RS485-Temperature-Humidity-Probe-Arduino-Library
https://github.com/vkumpan/SSD1306.git|Contributed|SSD1306
https://github.com/7semi-solutions/7Semi_CO2_Temperature_Humidity_I2C_Probe_Arduino_Library.git|Contributed|7Semi_CO2TH
https://github.com/MrDev-5000/TimerKernel.git|Contributed|TimerKernel
https://github.com/lucashudson-eng/PZEMPlus.git|Contributed|PZEMPlus
https://github.com/pleasedontcode/POTA.git|Contributed|POTA
https://github.com/lizardking/LD2410Async.git|Contributed|LD2410Async
https://github.com/Flamethr0wer/PS4Arduino.git|Contributed|PS4Arduino
https://github.com/DIYables/DIYables-ESP32-WebServer.git|Contributed|DIYables ESP32 WebServer
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_proximity.git|Contributed|bb_proximity
https://github.com/MrDev-5000/PhotonCore.git|Contributed|PhotonCore
https://github.com/geekfactory/GFDisplay7S.git|Contributed|Geek Factory GFDisplay7S Library
https://github.com/k3ldar/SerialCommandManager.git|Contributed|SerialCommandManager
https://github.com/bitbank2/bb_temperature.git|Contributed|bb_temperature
https://github.com/chipnorm/ChipNorm_DHT11.git|Contributed|ChipNorm_DHT11
https://github.com/UNIT-Electronics-MX/unit_bme68x_library.git|Contributed|BME68x_UNIT_Electronics
https://github.com/littlemanbuilds/RCLink.git|Contributed|RCLink
https://github.com/C4rdoso/FilterDesigner.git|Contributed|FilterDesigner
https://github.com/jmwanderer/tlv.arduino.git|Contributed|tlv
https://github.com/zzvllvzz/SC03_C2H5OH.git|Contributed|SC03_C2H5OH
https://github.com/tdk-invn-oss/motion.arduino.ICM45689.git|Contributed|ICM45689
https://github.com/tdk-invn-oss/motion.arduino.ICM45608.git|Contributed|ICM45608
https://github.com/sciosense/as60xx-arduino.git|Contributed|ScioSense_AS60XX
https://github.com/dajakov/daedaluslink-arduino_esp32-lib.git|Contributed|DaedalusLink-ESP32
https://github.com/PaulNTU/MoonMin-Scanner-Arduino-Library.git|Contributed|MoonMin Scanner Library
https://github.com/Herobrine-pixel/MultiGestureLib.git|Contributed|MultiGestureLib
https://github.com/TechTronicsEngineering/AutoPlex7.git|Contributed|AutoPlex7
https://github.com/ErlingSigurdson/SegMap595.git|Contributed|SegMap595
https://gitlab.com/Vishal1695/mvswifi_esp32.git|Contributed|mvswifi_esp32
https://gitlab.com/Vishal1695/mvswifi_esp8266.git|Contributed|mvswifi_esp8266
https://github.com/windnerd-labs/Windnerd-Core.git|Contributed|Windnerd_Core
https://github.com/jaikulk14/Advanced-Oximeter.git|Contributed|AdvancedOximeter
https://github.com/Alash-electronics/AlashMotorControlLite.git|Contributed|AlashMotorControlLite
https://github.com/UNIT-Electronics-MX/ue_i2c_icp_10111_sen.git|Contributed|ue_i2c_icp_10111_sen
https://github.com/m5stack/M5Unit-Fingerprint2.git|Contributed|M5Unit-Fingerprint2-Library
https://github.com/tanakamasayuki/ESP32CertBundle.git|Contributed|ESP32CertBundle
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_RouterBridge.git|Arduino|Arduino_RouterBridge
https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_RPCLite.git|Arduino|Arduino_RPClite
https://github.com/vicharak-in/shrike_flash.git|Contributed|Shrike Flash Library
https://github.com/nfrproducts/probot-lib.git|Contributed|probot
https://github.com/vovagorodok/ArduinoBleBattery.git|Contributed|vovagorodok_ArduinoBleBattery
https://github.com/DIYables/DIYables-ESP32-WebApps-Library.git|Contributed|DIYables ESP32 WebApps
https://github.com/automatician/EEProm_Safe_Wear_Level.git|Contributed|EEProm_Safe_Wear_Level
